Prelingual deafness
In children, this type of hearing loss can lead to social isolation for several reasons. 
This can result in a deaf person becoming generally irritable.
A child who uses sign language, or identifies with the Deaf culture does not generally experience this isolation, particularly if he/she attends a school for the deaf, but may conversely experience isolation from his parents if they do not know, or make an effort to learn sign language. 
A child who is exclusively or predominantly oral (using speech for communication) can experience social isolation from his or her hearing peers, particularly if no one takes the time to explicitly teach them social skills that other children acquire independently by virtue of having normal hearing.
Preliminary Discourse to the Encyclopedia of Diderot
Instead of writing in terms of general ideas, d'Alembert provides the dates, places and people responsible for the progress of literary works since the Renaissance leading up to his date.
Noted in the text is the lack of improvement in philosophy in comparison to other advancements due to the ignorant belief that ancient philosophy could not be questioned.
d'Alembert claims that it would be ignorant to perceive that everything could be known about a particular subject.
He makes clear that all sciences are restricted as much as can be to facts and that opinion influences science as little as possible.
d'Alembert states that philosophy is far more effective at the analysis of our perceptions when the "soul is in a state of tranquility", when it is not caught up in passion and emotion (96).
Furthermore, the importance of science and the advancements of such intellects as Francis Bacon, Isaac Newton, Descartes, John Locke and others are explained.
Prejudice
Historically, psychologists suggested various personalities contributing to discrimination, including authoritarianism, dogmatism, closed-mindedness, dominant orientation, etc (Adorno, Frenkel-Brunswik, Levinson, & Sanford, 1950; Rokeach, 1948; Pratto, Sidanius, Stallworth, & Malle, 1994).
In general, people having these personalities tend to bias towards their own group and refuse to accept belief-contradicting information, thus remain their stereotype on the prejudiced group.
However, as the overemphasis on parental influence of psychodynamics theory has been strongly criticized in the previous century, modern psychologists adopted interracial contact as a more important determinant than childhood experience on shaping people’s prejudice traits (Stephan & Rosenfield, 1978). 
Personality theory has also been criticized on underemphasizing situational and socio-cultural factors such as the competition of resources between groups, and being unable to explain sudden change in attitude and behaviour. 
this can also be summarized as a distinguish behaviour on the peronnel level 
Preiddeu Annwfn
In the Irish tale, the Milesians, the ancestors to the Irish people, encounter a glass tower in the middle of the ocean whose inhabitants do not speak with them.
The Milesians attack, and like Arthur's expedition, lose most of their force.
Loomis further suggests that this story is connected to the Abduction of Guinevere episode common in later literature.
Sarah Higley suggests a common story that influenced these various Welsh and Irish accounts.
Prehistoric music
Some suggest that the origin of music likely stems from naturally occurring sounds and rhythms. 
Human music may echo these phenomena using patterns, repetition and tonality. 
Even today, some cultures have certain instances of their music intending to imitate natural sounds. 
In some instances , this feature is related to shamanistic beliefs or practice. 
It may also serve entertainment (game)Nattiez: 5 or practical (luring animals in hunt) functions. 
Prehistoric medicine
Plant materials (herbs and substances derived from natural sources),Use of Spices for Medical Purposes] Mentions spices being used by some prehistoric cultures were among the treatments for diseases in prehistoric cultures. 
Since plant materials quickly rot under most conditions, historians are unlikely to fully understand which species were used in prehistoric medicine. 
An idea can be obtained by looking at the climate of the respective society and which species continue to grow there today and through anthropological studies of existing indigenous peoples.
Unlike the ancient civilisations which could source plant materials internationally, prehistoric societies would have been restricted to localised areas, though nomadic tribes may have had a greater variety of plant materials at their disposal than more stationary societies. 
Prehistoric medicine
Earths and clays may have provided prehistoric peoples with some of their first medicines. 
This is related to geophagy, which is extremely widespread among animals in the wild as well as among domesticated animals. 
In particular, geophagy is widespread among contemporary nonhuman primates.
Also, early humans could have learned about the use of various healing clays by observing animal behavior. 
Prehistoric art
Relatively little is known about the early settlement of much of South America east of the Andes. 
This is due to the lack of stone (generally required for leaving durable artifacts), and a jungle environment that rapidly recycles organic materials.
Beyond the Andean regions, where the inhabitants were more clearly related to the early cultures of Peru, early finds are generally limited to coastal areas and those areas where there are stone outcrops. 
While there is evidence of human habitation in northern Brazil as early as 8000BCE and rock art of unknown (or at best uncertain) age, ceramics appear to be the earliest artistic artifacts. 
Prehistoric art
Megalithic monuments are found in the Neolithic from Malta to Portugal, through France, and across southern England to most of Wales and Ireland They are also found in northern Germany and Poland, as well as in Egypt in the Sahara desert (at Nabata and other sites).
The best preserved of all temples and the oldest free standing structures on Earth are the Megalithic Temples of Malta.
They start in the 5th millennium BC, though some authors speculate on Mesolithic roots. 
There are many sites for rock and cave art of engraved animal and human scenes in the Saharan area.
While the best-known of these is Stonehenge, where the main structures date from the early Bronze Age, such monuments have been found throughout most of Western and Northern Europe, notably at Carnac, France, at Skara Brae in the Orkney Islands, in Portugal, and in Wiltshire, England, the area of Stonehenge, the Avebury circle, the tombs at West Kennet, and Woodhenge. 
The tomb of Knowth has rock-cut ornaments as well; one of them may be the oldest known image of the Moon. 
Many of these monuments were megalithic tombs, and archaeologists speculate that most have religious significance. 
Knowth is reputed to have approximately one third of all megalithic art in Western Europe.
Prehistoric Norfolk
In total, some 2,079 bones, tusks, antlers and teeth of Mammuthus primigenius (mammoth), Coelodonta antiquitatis(woolly rhinoceros), Rangifer tarandus (reindeer), Equus ferus (horse), Bison priscus (bison), Canis lupus (wolf), Vulpes vulpes or Alopex lagopus (red or Arctic fox) and Ursus arctos (brown bear) were individually recorded and a further 25,000 bone, tooth and tusk fragments recovered.
Feces of scavengers (possibly the spotted hyena Crocuta crocuta) were also recovered from the organic sediments.
The bone varied in condition with some bones extensively weathered and others exhibiting traces of gnawing by predator-scavengers.
Bone fractures characteristic of marrow extraction by hominids have been identified on the some of the reindeer and horse bones recovered from the deposit.
Prehistoric Ireland
Settlements of Mesolithic hunter-gatherers have been found at about half a dozen sites scattered throughout the country: Mount Sandel in County Londonderry (Coleraine); Woodpark in County Sligo; the Shannon estuary; Lough Boora in County Offaly; the Curran in County Antrim; and a number of locations in Munster.
Although sea levels were still lower than they are today, Ireland may already have been an island by the time the first settlers arrived by boat. 
There is nothing surprising in this, though, for most of the Mesolithic sites in Ireland are coastal settlements. 
In some ways this economy was forced upon them, for many centuries were to pass before the treeless permafrost was transformed into a densely forested fertile land. 
Pregnancy category
Australia has a slightly different pregnancy category system from the United States - notably the subdivision of Category B.
The system, as outlined below, was established by the Congenital Abnormalities Sub-committee of the Australian Drug Evaluation Committee (ADEC).
ADEC Pregnancy Categories (Australia)
'Pregnancy Category A'
Drugs which have been taken by a large number of pregnant women and women of childbearing age without an increase in the frequency of malformations or other direct or indirect harmful effects on the fetus having been observed.
'Pregnancy Category B1'
Drugs which have been taken by only a limited number of pregnant women and women of childbearing age, without an increase in the frequency of malformation or other direct or indirect harmful effects on the human fetus having been observed.
Studies in animals have not shown evidence of an increased occurrence of fetal damage. 
'Pregnancy Category B2'
Drugs which have been taken by only a limited number of pregnant women and women of childbearing age, without an increase in the frequency of malformation or other direct or indirect harmful effects on the human fetus having been observed.
Studies in animals are inadequate or may be lacking, but available data show no evidence of an increased occurrence of fetal damage. 
'Pregnancy Category B3'
Drugs which have been taken by only a limited number of pregnant women and women of childbearing age, without an increase in the frequency of malformation or other direct or indirect harmful effects on the human fetus having been observed.
Studies in animals have shown evidence of an increased occurrence of fetal damage, the significance of which is considered uncertain in humans. 
'Pregnancy Category C
'Drugs which, owing to their pharmaceutical effects, have caused or may be suspected of causing, harmful effects on the human fetus or neonate without causing malformations. 
These effects may be reversible. 
'Pregnancy Category D'
Drugs which have caused, are suspected to have caused or may be expected to cause, an increased incidence of human fetal malformations or irreversible damage. 
These drugs may also have adverse pharmacological effects.' 
Pregnancy
Traditionally, doctors have measured pregnancy from a number of convenient points, including the day of last menstruation, ovulation, fertilization, implantation and chemical detection.
In medicine, pregnancy is often defined as beginning when the developing embryo becomes implanted into the endometrial lining of a woman's uterus.
In some cases where complications may have arisen, the fertilized egg might implant itself in the fallopian tubes or the cervix, causing an ectopic pregnancy. 
This is usually of no concern unless there is spotting or bleeding as well.
Preference regression (in marketing)
It usually supplements product positioning techniques like multi dimensional scaling or factor analysis and is used to create ideal vectors on perceptual maps.
'Perceptual Map of Competing Products with Ideal Vectors'
Starting with raw data from surveys, researchers apply positioning techniques to determine important dimensions and plot the position of competing products on these dimensions. 
Like all regression methods, the computer fits weights to best predict data.
The resultant regression line is referred to as an ideal vector because the slope of the vector is the ratio of the preferences for the two dimensions.
Prefecture Apostolic of Kwang-si
The Chinese authorities placed many obstacles in the way of the free spread of the Gospel. 
Fathers Lavest and Pernet were subjected to cruel treatment and several Christian communities were uprooted. 
Under the direction of the new prefect, other communities were established, and finally a certain measure of liberty was accorded to the missionaries. 
During the Boxer troubles but three missions and a few other houses belonging to the Christians were pillaged.
Prefab Sprout
Though the music was more accessible than their earlier material, the lyrics and subject matter remained characteristically oblique and suggestive (McAloon has often cited Stephen Sondheim as an influence).
In addition to its religious overtones, perhaps reflecting McAloon's education in a Catholic seminary, there were several allegorical songs about a character who embodied a mix of Howard Hughes, Jesse James, and Elvis Presley. 
McAloon has alluded in interviews to several albums-worth of songs that he has written but are unreleased/unrecorded including amongst others, concept albums based on the life of Michael Jackson ('Behind the Veil'), the history of the world ('Earth: The Story So Far') and ('Zorro the Fox') about a fictional superhero. 
Their greatest hits, 'The Best of - A Life of Surprises', gave them their biggest U.S. hit, "If You Don't Love Me", which spent several weeks in the Top 10 on the dance chart.
Preemptive Strike (Star Trek: The Next Generation)
After verifying her cover story, they quickly accept her into their ranks, although several of their number are concerned she may be a Federation spy and do not trust her. 
She immediately forms a bond with Macias, an elderly and paternal Bajoran who is the leader of the Maquis cell, who Ro obviously sees as a father figure.
Soon after Ro joins the militants they hear rumors that the Cardassians are planning on arming their citizens in the zone with deadly Biogenic weapons.
Ro offers to steal the needed supplies from the 'Enterprise', however, another Maquis, mistrustful of Ro and planning to monitor her, 'volunteers' to tag along.
Predispositioning Theory
Since it is impossible to devise a deterministic chain linking the inter-mediate state with the outcome of the game, the most complex component of any indeterministic method is assessing these intermediate stages.
It is precisely the function of predispositions to assess the impact of an intermediate state upon the future course of development.”
According to Katsenelinboigen, calculus of predispositions is another method of computing probability.
Both methods may lead to the same results and, thus, can be interchangeable. 
However, it is not always possible to interchange them since computing via frequencies requires availability of statistics, possibility to gather the data as well as having the knowledge of the extent to which one can interlink the system’s constituent elements. 
Predictive analytics
Multivariate regression (above) is generally used when the response variable is continuous and has an unbounded range. 
Often the response variable may not be continuous but rather discrete. 
While mathematically it is feasible to apply multivariate regression to discrete ordered dependent variables, some of the assumptions behind the theory of multivariate linear regression no longer hold, and there are other techniques such as discrete choice models which are better suited for this type of analysis. 
If the dependent variable is discrete, some of those superior methods are logistic regression, multinomial logit and probit models.
Predictions of Soviet collapse
The dimensions of this failure are astounding: A country which employs one-fifth of its population in agriculture is unable to feed its own people.
…Overcentralized, with little or no incentives, year after year the Soviet system pours its best resource into the making of instruments of destruction.
The constant shrinkage of economic growth combined with the growth of military production is putting a heavy strain on the Soviet people.
…What I am describing now is a plan and a hope for the long term – the march of freedom and democracy which will leave Marxism-Leninism on the ash heap of history as it has left other tyrannies which stifle the freedom and muzzle the self-expression of the people.
Predictions of Soviet collapse
"Given these judgments of the Soviet future made by political leaders and journalists , the question is why were they right and so many of our Sovietological colleagues wrong. 
Reagan and Levin came from rightist backgrounds, and Moynihan, much like the leaders of the AFL-CIO, from a leftist anti-Stalinist social-democratic milieu, environments that disposed participants to believe the worst.
Most of the Sovietologists , on the other hand, were left-liberal in their politics, an orientation that undermined their capacity to accept the view that economic statism, planning, socialist incentives, would not work. 
They were also for the most part ignorant of, or ignored, the basic Marxist formulation that it is impossible to build socialism in impoverished societies."
Predicted effects of the FairTax
Proponents believe environmental benefits would result both indirectly and directly from implementation of the FairTax.
The concepts of environmental economics come into play with some of the aspects suggested. 
With the subsequent increase of the used-goods market (and with new goods being taxed) it is suspected that people would put more emphasis on maintenance of things for longer use and better resale value, and that they may also shy away from disposable goods. 
This may reduce international shipping and consequent environmental impact, as well as production in countries with less stringent pollution controls. 
Predicta
To properly restore a Predicta (as well as other Philco sets of the era), the PC board must be removed from the chassis.
They did the same with several other lines. 
Certain controls were known for failure. 
In most cases, Sams Photofacts gives the equivalent circuit.
Predestination
Some critics claim that the idea that God is omnipotent and omniscient didn't formally exist in Judaism during the Biblical era, but rather was a later development due to the influence of neo-Platonic and neo-Aristotelian philosophy. 
Many modern Jewish thinkers in the 20th century have resolved the dialectical tension by holding that God is simply not omnipotent, in the commonly used sense of that word. 
Orthodox Jewish rabbis generally affirm that God must be viewed as omnipotent, but they have varying definitions of what the word 'omnipotent' means. 
Thus one finds that some Modern Orthodox theologians have views that are essentially the same as non-Orthodox theologians, but they use different terminology. 
Predatory pricing
Predatory pricing practices may result in antitrust claims of monopolization or attempts to monopolize. 
Businesses with dominant or substantial market shares are more vulnerable to antitrust claims.
However, because the antitrust laws are ultimately intended to benefit consumers, and discounting results in at least short-term net benefit to consumers, the U.S. Supreme Court has set high hurdles to antitrust claims based on a predatory pricing theory.
If there is a likelihood that market entrants will prevent the predator from recouping its investment through supra competitive pricing, then there is no probability of success and the antitrust claim would fail. 
Predator (alien)
In the 'Aliens vs. Predator' novel series based on the Dark Horse Comics by David Bischoff, Steve and Stephani Perry, the Predators, known in the series as "Yautja", are depicted as living in a matriarchal clan-based society bearing similarities to a pack mentality, with the stronger and most skilled of the group being leader.
Assuming the warrior was armed and expert, it might almost be an even match, but Dachande would put his wager on the female. 
His most recent partner had tossed him across a room during the heat of their mating and that had been an accident..."'
'"Yautja females are bigger than males... it also explained why this warrior was smarter than most of the Yautja he taught. "', Steve & Stephanie Perry and sporting more prominent mammary glands (like human females).
This musk can be detected by other Predators and canids, though it is imperceptible to humans.
Predation
Social predation allows some animals to organize hunts of creatures that would easily escape a single predator; thus chimpanzees can prey upon colubus monkeys, and harrier hawks can cut off all possible escapes for a doomed rabbit. 
Extreme specialization of roles is evident in some hunting that requires co-operation between predators of very different species: humans with the aid of falcons or dogs, or fishing with cormorants or dogs. 
Social predation is often very complex behavior, and not all social creatures (for example, domestic cats) perform it.
Even without complex intelligence but instinct alone, some ant species can destroy much-larger creatures. 
Predation
It has been observed that well-fed predator animals in a lax captivity (for instance, pet or farm animals) will usually differentiate between putative prey animals who are familiar co-inhabitants in the same human area from wild ones outside the area. 
This interaction can range from peaceful coexistence to close companionship; motivation to ignore the predatory instinct may result from mutual advantage or fear of reprisal from human masters who have made clear that harming co-inhabitants will not be tolerated. 
Pet cats and pet mice, for example, may live together in the same human residence without incident as companions. 
Pet cats and pet dogs under human mastership often depend on each other for warmth, companionship, and even protection, particularly in rural areas.
Precursors of film
Shadow shows are known from the earliest recorded times, and the principle that an image is visually retained for a short time after observation has ceased was observed in ancient times.
c. 3200 BC - An earthen bowl found in Shahr-i Sokhta, Iran, has five images of a goat painted along the sides.
This is believed to be an example of early animation.. 
His lamp experiment, where several different light sources are arranged across a large area, is the first successful projection of an entire image from outdoors onto a screen indoors with the 'camera obscura'.
1515 - Leonardo da Vinci describes a structure that would produce this effect.
1544 - Reinerus Gemma-Frisius, a Dutch scientist, illustrates large rooms built for the purpose of viewing eclipses by this means.
1588 - Giovanni Battista Della Porta tips off artists to this trick.
1610 - Johannes Kepler refers to a construction that utilises this phenomenon as a 'camera obscura'.
c. 1610 - Della Porta perfected the camera obscura using a convex lens.
1671 - Athanasius Kircher projects images painted on glass plates with an oil lamp and a lens, his 'Magic Lantern'.
1724 - Johann Heinrich Schulze discovers that certain silver salts, most notably silver chloride and silver nitrate, darken in the presence of light.
The article is often incorrectly cited as 'Persistence of Vision with Regard to Moving Objects', or 'On the Persistence of Vision with Regard to Human Motion', and given an incorrect date. 
1824/1827 - Nicéphore Niépce produces a permanent image on a bitumen-coated pewter plate exposed for eight hours.
1826 - John Ayrton Paris markets the 'Thaumatrope', a card which, when spun, gives the illusion of movement.
1831 - Faraday's Law of electromagnetic.
Precision Drilling
Precision incorporates
Precision becomes the majority shareholder in United Diamond Ltd., which designs, manufactures, rents and sells polycrystalline diamond compact (PDC) drill bits.
Precision also receives an exclusive, worldwide license to Georservices' EM-MWD technology, using it extensively with the Computalog subsidiary.
2001 Computalog U.S.A., Inc. acquires all shares of Premium Pump Services Inc., which provides pressure-pumping services like cementing, fracturing and other stimulation services.
Precision Drilling Corporation announces it has successfully operated its HEL MWD and PrecisionLWD tools.
2005 Precision Drilling Corporation sells its Energy Services and International Drilling divisions to Weatherford International Ltd. for 26,000,000 common shares of Weatherford and $1 CAD.
Precision Drilling Corporation announces the sale of CEDA International Corporation for a price of approximately $274 million CAD.
Precision Castparts Corp.
The company manufactures a variety of parts for the aerospace industry including many jet engine components.
PCC also makes medical prostheses and parts for other industrial applications such as in the oil industry, the gas industry, and for use in power generating turbines for producing electricity.
They are considered a leader in the manufacturing of both jet engine airfoils and gas turbines used for generating electricity.
Other products made from the various metals are fasteners, products for the paper industry, parts used in the defense industry, and parts forthe automotive industry.
Precinct
A precinct is generally the lowest-level governmentally-related division in the United States, and in that context is also known in some places as an 'election district'. 
Precincts usually do not have separate governmental authorities, but for purposes of conducting elections, an entity such as a county or township is typically subdivided into precincts and each address is assigned to a specific precinct.
Sometimes several precincts will use the same polling station.
A 2004 survey by the United States Election Assistance Commission reported an average precinct size in the United States of approximately 1,100 registered voters.
Preces
R. Intercede for your children so that, being faithful to the spirit of Opus Dei, we may sanctify our work, and win souls for Christ.
R. That all may be one, as you, Father, and I are one; that they may be one, as we are one.
Enkindle, O Lord, our hearts and minds with the fire of the Holy Spirit, that we may serve you with a chaste body and please you with a clean heart.
Direct, we beseech you, Lord, our actions by your inspirations, and further them by your assistance, so that every word and work of ours may begin always from you and by you be likewise ended.
Precentor
A 'precentor' is a person, usually a clergy member, who is in charge of preparing worship services. 
This position is usually held in a large church, and is typically used in the churches of the Anglican Communion. 
The precentor of a cathedral is usually a residentiary canon or prebendary, and may be assisted by a succentor (particularly in the daily task of leading choral singing). 
In some cathedrals (including Canterbury), the Precentor is a minor Canon, and therefore part of the Foundation, but not part of the Chapter. 
Prebiotic (nutrition)
Studies have demonstrated positive effects on calcium and other mineral absorption and intestinal regularity.
Recent human trials have reinforced the role of Prebiotics in preventing and possibly stopping early stage colon cancer. 
It has been argued that many of these health effects emanate not just from bifidogenic function of prebiotics, but also from increased production of short-chain fatty acids by the stimulated beneficial bacteria. 
While research does clearly demonstrate that prebiotics lead to increased production of these SCFA, more research is required to establish a direct causal connection.
Preamble to the United States Constitution
("The Constitution was created by the people of the 'United States', as a union of 'states', to be governed solely by representatives of the 'states'."); ("By the constitution a government is ordained and established ‘for the United States of America,’ and not for countries outside of their limits.
The guaranties it affords against accusation of capital or infamous crimes, except by indictment or presentment by a grand jury, and for an impartial trial by a jury when thus accused, apply only to citizens and others within the United States, or who are brought there for trial for alleged offenses committed elsewhere, and not to residents or temporary sojourners abroad.").
("The petitioner does not claim that he was not afforded a fair trial aside from the denial of his demand for a jury.
Inasmuch as unquestionably he obtained a trial more to his liking than he would have obtained in Shanghai in other than an American court sitting in Shanghai, and since the Supreme Court of this country has determined that the right of trial by jury does not obtain in an American court sitting in another country pursuant to treaty, it must be held that the allegations of petitioner's petition do not entitle him to release.").
Pre-sectarian Buddhism
The term 'pre-sectarian Buddhism' is used by some scholars for example: '... stressed that the written canon in Buddhism is sectarian from the outset, and that presectarian Buddhism must be deduced from the writings as they now exist).' 
This kernel of doctrine is presumably common Buddhism of the period "before the schisms of the fourth and third centuries BC. 
It may be substantially the Buddhism of the Buddha himself.
Pre-election day events of the Singapore general election, 2006
Lee highlighted the successes of the PAP government since the last election, especially in creating jobs, reducing unemployment, retraining workers, and investing in young people.
He argued that the strategies were working and economy was striving, and that PAP had united the people under the threat of terrorism.
He reminded viewers that Singapore would have great opportunities as well as major challenges ahead as Asia was rising, and the PAP would make Singapore a land of opportunity for all people , and each person could find his or her own niche and excel. 
He said that the government would educate each Singaporean to be the best they can be.
Pre-Islamic period of Afghanistan
It is not yet clear , however, to what extent these periods were contemporaneous with similar stages of development in other geographic regions. 
Urban civilization, which includes most of Iran, Afghanistan, North Western Province of Pakistan which are Pashtoons, may have begun as early as 3000 to 2000 BCE (see also Bactria-Margiana Archaeological Complex and Indus Valley Civilization). 
The ancient city of Mudigak may have been a provincial colony of the Indus Valley Civilization or closely affiliated, but this remains largely circumstantial and speculative. 
Archaeological finds also indicate the possible beginnings of the Bronze Age which would ultimately spread throughout the ancient world from Afghanistan.
Pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contact
Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés records several such legends in his 'General y natural historia de las Indias' of 1526, which includes biographical information on Columbus.
The crew gathered supplies and made its way back to Europe, but the trip took several months and the captain and most of the men died before reaching land.
The ship's pilot, a man from somewhere in the Iberian peninsula (Oviedo says different versions have him as Portuguese, Basque, or Andalusian), and very few others finally made it to Portugal, but all were very ill.
People in Oviedo's time knew this story in several versions, but Oviedo regarded it as myth.
Pre-Columbian
By the first millennium, South America’s vast rainforests, mountains, plains, and coasts were the home of tens of millions of people.
Some groups formed permanent settlements. 
Among those groups were the Chibchas (or "Muiscas" or "Muyscas"), Valdivia and the Tairona.
The Chibchas of Colombia, Valdivia of Ecuador, the Quechuas of Peru, and the Aymara of Bolivia were the four most important sedentary Amerindian groups in South America.
Prayer (song)
Because of the subject matter...we needed something grandiose like an earthquake or a meteor shower or some kind of act of God to show the hand of the supernatural or some greater power."
Draiman said, "[The video is] about getting through life's obstacles and all the tests that fate may throw at you in the process.
It's trying to convince you that you have the strength to get through whatever trials and tribulations may come your way.
Despite "Prayer" receiving little airplay, Disturbed continued to promote the music video by including it on their album, 'Believe', and by posting it on various websites. 
Prayer
Adherents believe that this can result in healing, by bringing spiritual reality (the "Kingdom of Heaven" in Biblical terms) into clearer focus in the human scene. 
The world as it appears to the senses is regarded as a distorted version of the world of spiritual ideas.
Christian Scientists believe that prayer does not change the spiritual creation but gives a clearer view of it, and the result appears in the human scene as healing: the human picture adjusts to coincide more nearly with the divine reality. 
Christian Scientists do not practice intercessory prayer as it is commonly understood , and they generally avoid combining prayer with medical treatment in the belief that the two practices tend to work against each other. 
(However, the choice of healing method is regarded as a matter for the individual, and the Christian Science Church exerts no pressure on members to avoid medical treatment if they wish to avail of it as an alternative to Christian Science healing.)
The Christian Scientists' aim is "to reinstate primitive Christianity and its lost element of healing" (Manual of The Mother Church, ) which, they believe, was lost after the early centuries of Christianity.
This is a faith in the omnipotence of God, which according to the Christian Science interpretation of the Bible, logically rules out any other power:.
The Christian Science view is that Jesus taught that we should claim good as being present, right here and now, and that this will result in healing: (; ).
Pravic
Nothing is said about syntax, morphology or phonology.
Most Pravic words in the book are proper names ( said to be generated randomly by a computer), and they are two-syllable words with five or six phonemes (of the form CVCVC, where C = consonant, V = vowel), if one counts the groups 'sh', 'gv' and 'kv' as single consonants, which they probably are. 
'Gv' appears several times word-finally ('Kadagv, Farigv') and word-initially ('Gvarab'), and 'kv' at least once word-initially ('Kvetur'), and once medially ('Takver'); they are suggestive of labiovelar consonants.
Other than that, consonant clusters seem rare; there is a person named Trepil and another named Skovan.
Prasenjit Chatterjee
It is more like a senior staffer who has put in many years of service in his company feels a sense of belonging, a sense of responsibility for that company.
It is as simple as that,” says this actor who does not bother about the numerous critics and intellectuals who do not like his acting at all. 
He is clearly a director’s actor as his portrayals in the films of Tapan Sinha, Rituparno Ghosh and Buddhadeb Dasgupta go to prove.
His low-profile portrayal of a young boy who runs a bookshop in a small town in Tapan Sinha’s Aatanka is another case in point.
Praline
The powder made by grinding up such sugar-coated nuts is called 'pralin', and is an ingredient in many cakes, pastries, and ice creams.
When this powder is mixed with chocolate it becomes 'praliné' in French, which gave birth to what is known in French as 'praline belge', 'Belgian chocolates'.
The word 'praliné' is used colloquially in France and Switzerland to refer to these, known simply as 'chocolates' in English i.e. various centres coated with chocolate.
Outside of the United States, the word praline is used to mean this powder, or even a paste, often used to fill chocolates, hence its use by synecdoche in Germany, the Netherlands, and Belgium to refer to filled chocolates in general.
In the United Kingdom, the term can refer either to praline (the filling for chocolates) or, less commonly, to the original whole-nut pralines.
Prakrit
'Prakrit' (also transliterated as 'Pracrit') (Sanskrit: ) is the name for a group of Middle Indic, Indo-Aryan languages, derived from Classical Sanskrit and other Old Indic dialects.
The word itself has a flexible definition, being defined sometimes as , "original, natural, artless, normal, ordinary, usual", or "vernacular", in contrast to the literary and religious orthodoxy of ''. 
But there are scholars who believe that prakrit is older than sanskrit and it is on the base of prakrit(original) the language sanskrit(refined) was made. 
This also is in tune with the jain religion where the first tirthankar is adinath himself.
The Prakrits became literary languages, generally patronized by kings identified with the Kshatriya caste, but were regarded as illegitimate by the Brahmin orthodoxy.
The various Prakrit languages are associated with different patron dynasties, with different religions and different literary traditions, as well as different regions of the Indian subcontinent.
Prairie Vole
Though poison is an option to prevent voles, poisoned voles can create a threat to other animals and humans.
Voles are prey for other predators.
In addition, when placing poison near vole entrances, other animals may be able to reach it making it a hazard to them.
In residential areas, the poison itself and poisoned voles can be harmful and/or dangerous to people as well as domesticated animals.
Prairie Knolls Middle School
On the web page of the Falcons read the following.
It is hard to believe that we are about ready to say good -bye to our second year at Prairie Knolls Middle School. 
Without the dedication and hard work of these individuals, evenings like Explore PKMS would not be possible.
She has coached for many years and brings many assets to the program. 
We wish the best of luck to both Mr. Janisch and Ms. Brackmann.
Prague Astronomical Clock
The Orloj stopped working many times in the centuries after 1552, and was repaired many times. 
Some speculate that the government purposely gouged out the original maker's eyes in order to prevent him from making a similar clock for another country. 
After this he died touching the clock, at which point the clock stopped working and remained unrepairable for a number of years.
In the 17th century moving statues were added, and figures of the Apostles were added after major repair in 1865-1866.
Pragmatism
C.S. Peirce considered the idea that beliefs are true at one time but false at another (or true for one person but false for another) to be one of the "seeds of death by which James allowed his pragmatism to become "infected."
For Peirce the pragmatic view implies theoretical claims should be tied to verification processes (i.e. they should be subject to test).
Truth is defined, for Peirce, as what 'would' be the ultimate outcome (not any outcome in real time) of inquiry by a (usually scientific) community of investigators.
Hilary Putnam also developed his internal realism around the idea a belief is true if it is ideally justified in epistemic terms.
Pragmaticism
In clearness's second grade, he defines truth as a sign's correspondence to its object, and the real as the object of such correspondence, such that truth and the real are independent of that which you or I or any definite community of researchers think.
Then in clearness's third grade (the pragmatic grade), he defines the truth as that which would be reached, sooner or later but still inevitably, by research adequately prolonged, such that the real does depend on that final opinion — a dependence to which he appeals in theoretical arguments elsewhere, for instance for the long-term validity of the rule of induction "That the rule of induction will hold good in the long run may be deduced from the principle that reality is only the object of the final opinion to which sufficient investigation would lead", and, given the final ineradicability of error from measurement, not only for the view that space will never be found to be exactly Euclidean "I think we may feel confident that the parallax of the farthest star lies somewhere between -0.'05 and +0.'15, and within another century our grandchildren will surely know whether the three angles of a triangle are greater or less than 180° — that they are exactly that amount is what nobody ever can be justified in concluding." —, but also for the reality of chance and the real's lack of positive exactness. 
Peirce's discussions and definitions of truth have influenced several epistemic truth theorists and been used as foil for deflationary and correspondence theories of truth. 
Pragati Maidan
It is a huge complex of buildings spread across acres of land sprinkled with many lawns.
The complex houses many pavilions like the Nehru Pavilion, the Defense Pavilion, the Indira Pavilion, and the Son of India Pavilion.
It has various building which are build in various shapes and sizes. 
Pragati maidan houses a movie theatre called Shakuntalam, it's quite popular among college kids for its comparatively cheap tickets. 
Praetorians (video game)
Members of an alliance may not attack one another.
In times of crisis team members can call upon each other via the message line: "We need help."
'Praetorians' differs from other games of its genre in that resources do not play a part in it.
In most real time strategy games, items such as wood, food, gold, stone and glory must be collected, to be spent during the creation of troops.
Pradal Serey
While most well-known for its kicking technique, which generates power from hip rotation rather than snapping the leg, pradal serey consists of four types of strikes: punches, kicks, elbows and knee strikes. 
Compared to other forms of Southeast Asian kickboxing, pradal serey tends to emphasize more elusive and shifty fighting stances.
The Cambodian style also tends to utilize more elbow techniques than that of other regions.
More victories come by way of an elbow technique than any other strikes.
Practice pad
Practice pad implements can be constructed in a variety of shapes and sizes , and by typical design, may be adequately compact (thin) and lightweight for ease in transport. 
A simulation of snare-drum-style resonance can be implied via various hardware features added to the implement. 
These devices can be placed on a myriad of surfaces , including directly onto the top batter head of an actual 14” snare drum or other drum (one possessing a true rim bearing a diameter greater than the total span of the base of the device), which, when struck, could have the added effect of transferring to the drum’s natural snare-side response along with severely muting the sound of the drum. 
Several like units are often mounted in an array, akin to that of a standard drum kit assemblage for practice purposes, and so on. 
Practice of law
In its most general sense , the 'practice of law' involves giving legal advice to clients, drafting legal documents for clients, and representing clients in legal negotiations and court proceedings such as lawsuits, and is applied to the professional services of a lawyer or attorney at law, barrister, solicitor, or civil law notary. 
However, there is a substantial amount of overlap between the practice of law and various other professions where clients are represented by agents. 
Moreover, a growing number of legal document assistants (LDAs) are offering services which have traditionally been offered only by lawyers and their employee paralegals.
Many documents may now be created by computer-assisted drafting libraries, where the clients are asked a series of questions posed by the software in order to construct the legal documents. 
Prachanda
After which the party came forward with a strategy of democratic republic rather than a people’s republic.
Dr. Bhattarai’s work-strategy has worked out till date, which put forward the party as a major key holder of the nation’s politics.
Chairman Prachanda and Dr. Bhattarai seem at one side keeping some disagreement with the work strategy with the other senior leader Mohan Vaidya alias Kiran.
The two leaders agree strengthening the newly established democratic republic rather than implementing a people’s republic immediately.
Prabhat Kalavidaru
Prabhat Kalavidaru has produced about 20 ballets; some of which are 'Mohini Bhasmasura', 'Karnataka Vaibhava', 'Kindari Jogi', 'Rama Pratiksha', and 'Punyakoti'.
Lot of experimentation is involved in enacting these dramas like amalgamating Western dance forms with Indian classical dance forms to create some sort of a fusion dance style and also using special lighting techniques to enhance the appeal of the drama.
Prabhat Kalavidaru were one of first theatre groups in India to introduce pre-recorded dialogues and lip-synchronisation.
The troupe's most popular production to date is Cinderella which has been performed more than a thousand times. 
Poeme Symphonique for 100 metronomes
The piece requires ten "performers", and most of their efforts take place without the audience present.
Once they are all fully wound they are all started as simultaneously as possible.
As the metronomes wind down one after another and stop, periodicity becomes noticeable in the sound, and individual metronomes can be more clearly made out.
The piece typically ends with just one metronome ticking alone for a few beats.
Poznań 1956 protests
The 'Poznań 1956 protests' (also known as 'Poznań 1956 uprising' or 'Poznań June' ) were the first of several massive protests of the Polish people against the communist government of the People's Republic of Poland.
A crowd of approximately 100,000 gathered in the city center near the UB secret police building. 400 tanks and 10,000 soldiers of Ludowe Wojsko Polskie and Korpus Bezpieczeństwa Wewnętrznego under Polish-Soviet general Stanislav Poplavsky were ordered to suppress the demonstration and during the pacification fired at the protesting civilians.
The death toll was placed between 57 and 78 people, including a 13-year-old boy, Romek Strzałkowski. Hundreds of people sustained injuries.
Poznań 1956 protests
Around 80% of its workers, most of whom lost premium pay in June as the government suddenly raised the required work quota, took to the streets demanding pay compensation and some freedom concessions, marching towards the city centre.
Workers at other plants, institutions and students joined the procession.
Between 9:00 am and 11:00 am, about 100,000 people gathered on the Adam Mickiewicz Square in front of the Imperial Castle in Poznań, surrounded by buildings occupied by the city and party authorities and police headquarters.
The demonstrators demanded lower food prices, wage increases and the revocation of some recent changes in the law that had eroded workers' conditions.
Powerlifting
Powerlifting, in most federations, involves three events: squat, bench press and deadlift.
Some variations of this are found at some meets such "push-pull only" meets where lifters only compete in the bench press and deadlift, with the bench press coming first and the deadlift after.
Single lift meets are often held, sometimes alongside a normal 3-lift event.
This is most common in the bench press.
Powered parachute
Wind hazards include terrain-induced air disturbances called rotors (it is advisable to stay upwind of trees, mountains, and other obstacles that disturb the flow of the wind).
Wake turbulence created by the passage of other aircraft, especially aircraft that are heavy, aerodynamically clean, and slow pose another significant hazard.
And since the slow-moving powered parachute (like the helicopter) is particularly well equipped to fly safely near the ground, special care must be taken to avoid power lines, trees, and other low-level terrain obstacles.
Forced landings in water are extremely dangerous , for pilot and/or passenger may become entangled in the parachute lines of a sinking powered parachute. 
Powerback
While many aircraft are physically capable of performing powerbacks, many companies impose restrictions on the practice, mainly due to the risk of foreign object damage from debris propelled into the air. 
Northwest Airlines' fleet of DC-9 aircraft used to commonly utilize powerback operations at certian airports , however the airline discontinued the practice in 2005 citing the need to conserve fuel. 
In addition, in the United States, restrictions on powerbacks are enforced by the FAA, and the local aviation officials.
Only certain gates at certain airports are approved for powerbacks, and are usually placarded as such. 
Many airlines impose stricter safety procedures for powerbacks, which often include disallowing a powerback under certain environmental conditions, such as rain or snow. 
PowerPC 600
In order to achieve an extremely aggressive schedule while including substantially new function (such as substantial performance enhancements, new instructions and importantly POWER/PowerPC's first symmetric multiprocessing (SMP) implementation) the design leveraged a number of key technologies and project management strategies. 
The 601 team leveraged much of the basic structure and portions of the IBM RISC Single Chip (RSC) processor, but also included support for the vast majority of the new PowerPC instructions not in the POWER instruction set. 
While nearly every portion of the RSC design was modified, and many design blocks were substantially modified or completely redesigned given the completely different unified I/O bus structure and SMP/memory coherency support. 
Worth noting is that the 601 not only implemented substantial new key functions such as SMP, but it also acted as a bridge between the POWER and the future PowerPC processors to assist IBM, Apple, and other system vendors and software groups in their transitions to PowerPC.
Power: A New Social Analysis
He claims that, on the one hand, the economic determinists had underestimated the power of opinion.
However, on the other hand, he argues that the case is easy to make that 'all' power is power over opinion: for "Armies are useless unless the soldiers believe in the cause for which they are fighting...
Law is impotent unless it is generally respected."
Still, he admits that military force may cause opinion, and (with few exceptions) be the thing that imbues opinion with power in the first place:
Power: A New Social Analysis
First, it must be pursued only as a means to some end, and not as an end in itself; moreover, if it is an end in itself, then it must be of comparatively lower value than one's other goals.
Second, the ultimate goal must be to help satisfy the desires of others.
Third, the means by which one pursues one's goal must not be egregious or malign, such that they outweigh the value of the end; as (for instance) the gassing of children for the sake of future democracy (Russell 1938:201).
This is explicitly intended as one possible argument against utilitarianism, though Russell does not take it to be decisive.
Fourth, moral doctrines should aim toward truth and honesty, not the manipulation of others (Russell 1938:216-218). 
Power trio
During the late 1960s, many groups used power trio instrumentation while adding a vocalist.
These include The Who, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, and Queen (even though Freddie Mercury, too, was an instrumentalist, some of the band's songs follow this format).
Although none of these were ever particularly identified as such, the music that they created is influenced by, and follows the same musical format as, many of the pioneering power trios. 
Likewise, Mountain is often erroneously referred to as a power trio, even though there were four instrumentalists (guitar, bass, drums, and keyboards) in the band.
Power ring (DC Comics)
Violet power rings are fueled by the emotion of love, one of the two emotions (the other being rage) that most influence their user.
At present, members of the Star Sapphires have only been depicted as being female; however, during the 'Blackest Night' panel at Comic Con International 2009, Geoff Johns explained that "anyone can join, but most men are not worthy.
While trapped within these rehabilitation crystals, members of other corps have been shown to be slowly converted into Star Sapphires.
Violet rings are able to detect when true love is being threatened, can create a connection to an embattled heart and use it as a tether, and are also shown as being able to show others their greatest love.'
Power pop
The accompanying -selling album, 'Get the Knack', paved the way for major label debuts that fall by The Pop, Shoes, 20/20 and The Beat.
However, "My Sharona"'s ubiquitous radio presence that summer spawned a popular and critical backlash against the band, which in turn led to a backlash against the power pop genre in general.
The Romantics had a minor hit with "What I Like About You" in early 1980, but, by then, power pop was seen as a passing fad by many critics.
Most of this crop of bands continued to release albums throughout the early 1980s, but with the exception of The Romantics' 'In Heat' (1983), none garnered much attention.
Other groups such as The Plimsouls and the dB's found a home on college radio, where power pop would endure for the remainder of the decade.
Power play (sport)
In lacrosse, a similar type of penalty situation exists, though the duration of the penalty is only 30 seconds for minor infractions and one minute for major ones, as well as 3 minute penalties for certain equipment infractions.
Depending on the infraction, the penalty may "release" early if a goal is scored by either team, or may be "non-releasable," meaning the full duration must be served.
This situation is also often called an "extra man offense" (EMO) or "man up", or "man down", depending on the team penalized.
In indoor soccer, in the forms usually played in the United States, there exists a powerplay situation similar to ice hockey.
Power optimization (EDA)
This design practice may require the use of level-shifters when two blocks with different supply voltages communicate with each other. 
In the simplest form there are two different thresholds available, common called High-Vt and Low-Vt, where Vt stands for threshold voltage.
Stacking and parking states: Logic gates may leak differently during logically equivalent input states (say 10 on a NAND gate, as opposed to 01). 
State machines may have less leakage in certain states. 
Power metal
Power metal is highly focused on the vocalist, with "clean" vocals being much more prevalent than the growled or screamed vocals often associated with death metal and black metal.
Following in the tradition of Ronnie James Dio, Bruce Dickinson, Rob Halford and other heavy metal vocalists, power metal vocals are often in a high register.
The majority of the genre's vocalists sing in the tenor range, capable of hitting very high notes, like Timo Kotipelto of Stratovarius, Michele Luppi of Vision Divine, Michael Kiske (ex-Helloween) or Ralf Scheepers of Primal Fear.
There are however many exceptions such as Pyramaze / Iced Earth frontman Matt Barlow, Falconer frontman Mathias Blad, and Sabaton frontman Joakim Broden; they sing in either baritone or bass range, though in certain songs like Creator Failure, Barlow hits very high notes reminiscent of Rob Halford.
Power cord
Power cables may be either fixed or detachable from the appliance.
Cords may also have twist-locking features, or other attachments to prevent accidental disconnection at one or both ends.
A cord set may include accessories such as fuses for overcurrent protection, a pilot lamp to indicate voltage is present, or a leakage current detector.
Power cords for sensitive instruments, or audio/video equipment may also include a shield over the power conductors to minimize electromagnetic interference.
Power Shift
The first Power Shift Conference took place from November 2 to 5, 2007 with between 5,000 and 6,000 students and young people in attendance.
It is claimed that due to the number of young people who attended the conference, it is the largest activist youth event on climate change in history. 
At the University of Maryland, College Park, a rally of between 2,000 and 3,000 people on the steps of the Capitol building and a Lobby Day.
The event was also attended by a number of keynote speakers which included Al Gore The main aim of the first conference was to urge elected officials to pass legislation which would include three planks taken from the platform of the climate advocacy coalition 1Sky: 
The creation of a 5 million-strong Clean Energy Job Corps
The reduction of greenhouse gases to 80 percent below 1990 levels by 2050, which scientists say is the baseline for mitigating the worst effects of global warming 
A moratorium on new coal plants and divestment from fossil fuel and highway subsidies.
Power Quest (video game)
Once you arrive at a location, a character appears on the screen with some dialogue.
More often than not this dialog involves the character challenging you to a fight. 
You progress through the game by challenging a certain amount of people before the next event is triggered. 
Then special events pop up throughout the game after this number is met which usually involve a tournament or beating some strong boss (video games) type character.
Power Movie List
It lets users catalog movies with detailed information from big movie sites like IMDb, the German Kino.de, and other online-databases.
The script will download information such as the director, the genre, the production year, and many other information automatically. 
The complete script can still be downloaded from many script sites. 
The IMDB Fetch Script may be out of date, however there are links to updated versions at the end of this article, and in the new support forum. 
Power Instinct
Gameplay was also improved in some areas , and super attacks were made easier to execute. 
Some allow the player to change certain characteristics of the characters , others are used to view special music video clips, and others to call strange characters to help the player in battle. 
The game has the same backgrounds and all the characters from 'Matrimelee', and because of that it is usually described as a port of the game, while in fact the game's story takes place after the events from the previous game, making it a sort of sequel or update. 
It is possible that this is due to the very little chance of marketing the series ever had outside of its country of origin. 
Power (philosophy)
One can often overlook unmarked categories. 
Whiteness forms an unmarked category not commonly visible to the powerful, as they often fall within this category. 
The unmarked category becomes the norm, with the other categories relegated to deviant status.
Social groups can apply this view of power to race, gender, and disability without modification: the able body is the neutral body; the 'man' is the normal status. 
Pow-wow
To understand drum protocol, a drum may be thought of as a person or being and is to be regarded and respected as such.
Northern drums are set up on the outside of the dance area, with the host drum in the best position.
Musicians may not casually leave the drum, and it may never be left completely by itself till it is carried out at the end.
People bring water to the drummers and generally assist the players as needed.
Poverty threshold
For example, a person who lives in a home with a mud floor is considered severely deprived of shelter. 
A person who never attended school and cannot read is considered severely deprived of education. 
A person who has no newspaper, radio, television, or telephone is considered severely deprived of information. 
All people who meet any two of these conditions — for example, they live in homes with mud floors 'and' cannot read — are considered to be living in absolute poverty. 
Poverty in India
More than 103 million people have moved out of desperate poverty in the course of one generation in urban and rural areas as well.
They project that if India can achieve 7.3% annual growth over the next 20 years, 465 million more people will be spared a life of extreme deprivation.
Contrary to popular perceptions , rural India has benefited from this growth: extreme rural poverty has declined from 94% in 1985 to 61% in 2005, and they project that it will drop to 26% by 2025. 
Report concludes that 'India's economic reforms and the increased growth that has resulted have been the most successful anti-poverty programmes in the country'. 
Poverty in China
Market reform has dramatically increased the return to education, as it indicates that there are good opportunities for skilled people and as it creates a powerful incentive for families to increase the education of their children.
Otherwise, inequality can become self-perpetuating: if only high-income people can educate their children, then that group remains a privileged, high-income group permanently.
China is at some risk of falling into this trap, because it has developed a highly decentralized fiscal system in which local governments rely primarily on local tax collection to provide basic services such as primary education and primary health care. 
China in fact has one of the most decentralized fiscal systems in the world. 
Poverty in China
In the same way that people are either registered as urban or rural, land in China is zoned as either rural or urban.
In urban areas people can easily sell their land and buildings, or mortgage them to borrow.
The fact that many peasants cannot earn a decent living as farmers is a signal that their labor is more useful in urban employment, hence the hundreds of millions of people who have migrated. 
But, at the same time, it is efficient to alienate some of the land out of agriculture for urban use.
Poverty in Africa
In addition, most African nations have borrowed substantial sums of money. 
As such, many newly democratic nations in Africa are saddled with debt run up by totalitarian regimes. 
Large debts usually result in little being spent on social services, such as education, pensions, or medical care. 
In addition, most of the debt currently owed (approximately $321 billion (U.S.) in 1996 
Poverty
Rises in the costs of living make poor people poorer.
Poor people spend a greater portion of their budgets on food than richer people.
For example in late 2007 increases in the price of grains led to food riots in some countries. 
The World Bank warned that 100 million people were at risk of sinking deeper into poverty.
Poutine
Several Québécois communities claim to be the birthplace of poutine, including Drummondville (by Jean-Paul Roy in 1964), Article on Poutine coming to New York City Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, and Victoriaville.
One often-cited tale is that of Fernand Lachance, from Warwick, Quebec, which claims that poutine was invented in 1957, when a customer ordered fries while waiting for his cheese curds from the Kingsey cheese factory in Kingsey Falls (now in Warwick and owned by Saputo Incorporated).
Lachance is said to have exclaimed 'ça va faire une maudite poutine' ("it will make a damn mess"), hence the name. 
The sauce was allegedly added later, to keep the fries warm longer. 
Pourquoi story
The Just So Stories by Rudyard Kipling, many of which give explanations for the origin of animals and their characteristics. 
Australian Aboriginal dreamtime stories, such as the Rainbow Serpent.
Certain tall tales include pourquoi elements, such as Pecos Bill taming his horse, Widowmaker. 
The horse bucked and kicked so much that she dug out the Grand Canyon.
The Epic of Gilgamesh includes many pourquoi stories from Mesopotamian folklore: how the Beqa'a Valley was formed, why meat becomes rancid when left in the sun, and why snakes shed their skins while people (who are mortal) do not.
Origin stories, explaining how a comic book hero or heroine came to have their special characteristics.
Alamat, very loosely translated into "legend," are stories in Philippine Folk Literature which explain how things came to be.
They normally involve people being transformed into animals and plants because of certain untoward habits they have. 
An example would be the Alamat of the Pineapple where a girl who is too lazy to look for things is transformed into a fruit with numerous "eyes."
Poulton-le-Fylde
There was another station, Poulton Curve Halt, for Fleetwood to Blackpool trains, between 1909 and 1952.
Market Square - The square is now closed to traffic and contains several features of historical note. 
Pubs and clubs - Poulton is known for its many drinking establishments, restaurants and nightclubs.
These include "The Golden Ball", the town's most notable public house, where victory over Napolean at Waterloo was announced and "The Bull Inn" once one of Poulton's three Coaching inns. 
Poulan
Husqvarna also provides lawn mowers, lawn tractors, and other yard equipment to Sears to be sold as the Craftsman brand.
Sears also carries some Poulan and Husqvarna products. 
Husqvarna produces products under many brand names.
Visit to view some of them , or this site, , for various examples. 
Potts Point, New South Wales
At the turn of the 21st century, almost all of Potts Point's hotels were acquired by developers attracted by the area's proximity to transportation and amenities.
By 2004 most tourist hotels had been converted or rebuilt as high end apartment developments, resulting in a rapid wider gentrification of the area - and increasingly large gay community - although the continued presence of a number of large backpacker hostels along with dozens of pubs, nightclubs, restaurants and similar venues have confirmed the suburb's role as one of Sydney's leading entertainment precincts. 
Sydney City Council has commenced a major streetscape upgrade centred on Darlinghurst Road and the southern part of Macleay Street, involving footpath-widening, roadside tree-plantings and the installation of new paving, street furniture and lighting.
Plans to force the replacement of historic neon shopfront and awning signage on strip clubs and other adult commercial premises in the area with generic signage proved more controversial and have not been implemented.
Wylde Street home (1922), formerly home of William Scott Fell, shipping merchant, Tusculum, Manning Street
Potton Island
Unlike some of the other nearby islands which were formerly marshland, Potton Island has been inhabited at least since the Neolithic era. 
It was home to several arable farms until it flooded in 1884, leading to its temporary abandonment and longer term use as pasture.
The island was reclaimed in the 1940s but some time after being acquired by the Ministry of Defence in 1955 it reverted to pasture.
It has recently been disclosed (June 2005) that Potton Island was considered by the UK government in the 1980s or 1990s as a potential long term storage site for high level nuclear waste.
Potton
King Street, half the Market Square and some of the Brook End area were destroyed. 
It was reported to have burned for a day. 
Local people raised L6,000 to help those most in need.
Providing temporary accommodation in nearby fields for the townsfolk alone cost L25,000.
Rebuilding after the fire has left the town with a number of Georgian buildings.
Pottery
This is the earliest and the most individualized and direct forming method. 
Wares can be constructed by hand from coils of clay, from flat slabs of clay, from solid balls of clay — or some combination of these. 
Parts of hand-built vessels are often joined together with the aid of slurry or slip, a runny mixture of clay and water.
Some studio potters find hand building more conducive to fully using the imagination to create one-of-a-kind works of art, while others find this with the wheel. 
Potteries dialect
"Nesh" meaning soft, tender, or to easily get cold is derived from the early English, “nesc, nescenes.”
"Slat" meaning to throw, is from the old English “slath,” moved.
"Fang" meaning catch or seize, as in "Fang 'owt of this" - "catch hold of this", is from Old English "fang, fangen".
"Sheed" meaning to spill liquids, most likely derived from the word "shed" in the sense of getting rid of something.
"Cost keck a bow aggen a woe an y'ed it till thee bost it?" meaning, "Can you kick a ball against a wall and head it till you burst it?"
"Duck" a common term of affection towards both men and women as in "Tow rate owd duck?".
Duck being derived from the Saxon word "ducas" as a term of respect, which by another route is where the word "Duke" arises from in English.
Duck in this context may also relate to the Roman military honorific "Dux", meaning troop or tribal leader, but it is unclear if ducas pre-dates Dux or if they are etymologically related. 
"Spanwanned" (agricultural) meaning the state of being stuck astride a wall whilst attempting to climb over it.
Potter's wheel
Early ceramics built by coiling were often placed on mats or large leaves to allow them to be worked more conveniently.
The earliest versions of the wheel were probably turned slowly by hand or by foot while coiling a pot, but later developments allowed energy stored in a flywheel to be used to speed up the process of throwing. 
Many modern scholars suggest that it was first developed in Mesopotamia, although Egypt has also been claimed as a possible place of origin. 
By the time of the early civilizations of the stone Age the use of the potter's wheel had become widespread.
Potsdamer Platz
Despite all the devastation, commercial life reappeared in the ruins around Potsdamer Platz within just a few weeks of war’s end.
The lower floors of a few buildings were patched up enough to allow business of a sort to resume.
The new East German state-owned retail business H.O. ('Handelsorganisation', meaning Trading Organisation), had seized almost all of Wertheim’s former assets in the newly-created German Democratic Republic but, unable to start up the giant Leipziger Platz store again (it was too badly damaged), it opened a new 'Kaufhaus' (department store) on the ground floor of Columbushaus.
Since the American, British and Soviet Occupation Zones converged there, people theoretically only had to walk a few paces across sector boundaries to avoid the respective Police officials.
Potluck
Potluck dinners are often organized by religious or community groups, since they simplify the meal planning and distribute the costs among the participants.
Smaller, more informal get-togethers with distributed food preparation may also be called potlucks.
In some cases each participant agrees ahead of time to bring a single course, and the result is a multi-course meal.
Guests may bring in any form of food, ranging from the main course to desserts.
Potlatch
Before the arrival of the Europeans, gifts included storable food (oolichan [candle fish] oil or dried food), canoes, and slaves among the very wealthy, but otherwise not income-generating assets such as resource rights.
Some groups , such as the Kwakwaka'wakw, used the potlatch as an arena in which highly competitive contests of status took place. 
In some cases , goods were actually destroyed after being received, or instead of being given away. 
The catastrophic mortalities due to introduced diseases laid many inherited ranks vacant or open to remote or dubious claim-providing they could be validated-with a suitable potlatch.
Potential (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
Buffy and the other Slayers watch and learn from this example and Buffy lectures the girls on how to deal with vampire attacks.
Buffy has Spike attack her to continue, but she easily gets the upper hand and pins Spike to the ground, reawakening some of his wounds and some feelings for both of them.
They believe the First is taking a brief break from them, but it will come back stronger and better than before.
While Dawn watches silently from the stairs, Buffy tries to give the girls another pep talk.
Potential
The mathematical study of potentials is known as potential theory; it is the study of harmonic functions on manifolds.
In physics, a 'potential' may refer to the scalar potential or to the vector potential.
In either case, it is a field defined in space, from which many important physical properties may be derived. 
Leading examples are the gravitational potential and the electric potential, from which the motion of gravitating or electrically charged bodies may be obtained.
Potemayo
At first, she could not say anything but "honi", a nonsense phrase which she often utters even after learning how to say a few words like Sunao's name.
Potemayo is also telepathic, at least when others are thinking about her Sunao, and becomes violent when she "hears" Mikan even thinking about Sunao.
A small chick named hangs around Potemayo and will often sit on her head.
A running gag with Tori is that it will often eat things made with eggs or chicken, making Sunao call it a cannibal.
Potemayo
::Guchuko is another mysterious creature that appeared in Sunao's refrigerator, and is somewhat similar to Potemayo in appearance.
The name Guchuko is derived from a small chocolate ball called a guchu which Guchuko likes to eat, and added at the end, since it is a common ending for female given names in Japan.
Since it was too late to correct, the author stated, "so please take it as a vulgar and savage scythe edged outside, as it would fit Guchuko's character." with a skull on it, and can fire strong energy beams from two living horns (or possibly worms) on either side of her head. 
She has a very self-sufficient personality, and has only partially warmed up to Kyo, who often gives Guchuko food when at school or at home; Guchuko often repays Kyo by putting pig or cow carcasses in front of her house.
Potawatomi Trail of Death
The march to Logansport had been under a hot sun through the dust cloud kicked up by the movement of people and animals.
There were sick people and people dying in all directions.
The heat has weakened most if not all of the children.
I baptized several who were newly born - happy Christians, who with their first step pass from earth to heaven.
Potato virus Y
PVY infection of potato plants results in a variety of symptoms depending on the viral strain.
The mildest of these symptoms is production loss, but the most detrimental is 'potato tuber necrotic ringspot disease' (PTNRD).
PVY is transmissible by aphid vectors but may also remain dormant in seed potatoes.
This means that using the same line of potato for production of seed potatoes for several consecutive generations will lead to a progressive increase in viral load and subsequent loss of crop.
Potato
At harvest time, gardeners usually dig up potatoes with a long-handled, three-prong "grape" (or graip), i.e. a spading fork, or a potato hook which is similar to the graip but its tines are at a 90 degree angle to the handle.
This is transported up an apron chain consisting of steel links several feet wide, which separates some of the dirt.
The most complex designs use vine choppers and shakers, along with a blower system or "Flying Willard" to separate the potatoes from the plant.
The result is then usually run past workers who continue to sort out plant material, stones, and rotten potatoes before the potatoes are continuously delivered to a wagon or truck.
Potassium-argon dating
Due to the long half-life, the technique is most applicable for dating minerals and rocks more than 100,000 years old.
For shorter timescales, it is likely that not enough Argon 40 will have had time to accumulate in order to be accurately measurable. 
Although it finds the most utility in geological applications, it plays an important role in archaeology.
It has also been indispensable in other early east African sites with a history of volcanic activity such as Hadar, Ethiopia.
Potassium nitrate
Before the large-scale industrial fixation of nitrogen through the Haber process, major sources of potassium nitrate were the deposits crystallizing from cave walls and the draining of decomposing organic material.
Dung-heaps were a particularly common source: ammonia from the decomposition of urea and other nitrogenous materials would undergo bacterial oxidation to produce nitrates.
These often contained calcium nitrate, which could be converted to potassium nitrate by the addition of potash from wood ashes.
It was and is also used as a component in some fertilizers. 
Potassium hydroxide
KOH attracts numerous specialized applications, which virtually all rely on its basic or degradative properties.
KOH is widely used in the laboratory for the same purposes. 
Its corrosive properties make it useful as an ingredient in cleaning and disinfection of resistant surfaces and materials.
It is often the main active ingredient in chemical "cuticle removers."
KOH is also widely used as a way to remove hair from animal hides, leaving the hides in a solution of KOH and water for a few hours. 
Pot washing
On the other hand, if you run a larger operation and use a lot of labor to wash pots, it might be worth the extra money to go big. 
Essentially custom built for different types of operations and the space configuration available, the larger recirculators are available in three compartment sink sizes with various options.
In addition to requiring a 3 phase supply for the water pump and high-power heater, these larger units have wash sinks with up to 75 U.S. gallons (280 L) of water capacity for handling many pots and pans.
Some of the other options available with recirculators include built-in waste disposers, drain boards of various lengths, shelves over or under and additional scraper sinks.
Postverk Foroya
Outside the Faroes, Postverk Foroya is most renowned for its postage stamps. 
All stamp editions are about items relating to the Faroes and most of them are designed by Faroese artists.
Faroese history is a common topic with relevant issues almost each year. 
Churches and other Christian motifs play a distinct role before Christmas.
Posttraumatic stress disorder
There is some evidence suggesting that administering glucocorticoids immediately after a traumatic experience may help prevent PTSD. 
Several studies have shown that patients who receive high doses of hydrocortisone for treatment of septic shock or following surgery have a lower incidence and fewer symptoms of PTSD. 
In this study, corticosterone impaired memory performance, suggesting that it may reduce risk for PTSD by interfering with consolidation of traumatic memories. 
The neurodegenerative effects of the glucocorticoids, however, may prove this treatment counterproductive. 
Postnatal
Approximately 25% - 85% of postpartum women will experience the "blues" for a few days. 
Between 7% - 17% may experience clinical depression, with a higher risk among those women with a history of clinical depression. 
Despite the wide spread myth of hormonal involvement, repeated studies have not linked hormonal changes with postpartum psychological symptoms.
Rather, these are symptoms of a pre-existing mental illness, exacerbated by fatigue, changes in schedule and other common parenting stressors.
Posting style
Inline replying was also originally used in all e-mail (because such users had come from Usenet),, but most users and providers have abandoned (or never got used to) this style.
One possible reason is the large number of casual e-mail users that entered the scene after the popularization of the internet. 
Another possible reason is the inadequate support provided by the reply function of some webmail readers which do not automatically insert in the reply a copy the original message, or do so but without any quoting prefix level indicators. 
Finally, most forums, wiki discussion pages, and blogs (such as Slashdot) essentially impose the bottom-post format, by displaying all recent messages in chronological order. 
Postictal state
There are few explanations for what could cause the long lasting symptoms of the postictal state, with patients complaining of difficulty thinking clearly and loss of short-term memory function for hours and even days.
Todd’s paresis can last for 24 or 48 hours, and reversible neurological defects (typically short term memory) can last for months, suggesting that more permanent changes in neuron structure may take place following seizures. 
It should be noted that most patients do not display any long term neurological defects following seizures, and seizures are not believed to be damaging to the brain.
It is possible in the small fraction of patients that do experience short term memory loss for weeks or months following a seizure, structural changes may take place that are eventually compensated for structurally or functionally, causing symptoms to eventually disappear. 
Postictal state
Postictal migraines are a major complaint among epilepsy patients, and can have a variety of etiologies. 
One possible cause of these migraines is high intracranial pressure resulting from postictal cerebral edema. 
At times, patients may be unaware that they had a seizure, and the characteristic migraine is their only clue.
Depression is also very common after a seizure.
Posthumous fame of Vincent van Gogh
In the English-speaking world, the Bloomsbury art critics Roger Fry and Clive Bell were his first champions.
Fry, in a 1924 essay, "Vincent Van Gogh," reported that after Van Gogh's death, he "disappeared" and "scarcely any picture dealer in Bond Street gave him another thought" until the 1910 show titled "Post Impressionist Exhibition" in which "his works dazzled, astonished and infuriated all cultured England."
Fry's essay canonized Van Gogh as "a saint" of art, "the victim of the terrible intensity of his convictions-his conviction that somewhere one might lay hold of spiritual values compared with which all other values were of no account."
That set the agenda for many subsequent Van Gogh studies , which are predominantly biographical to this day. 
Posthumous fame of El Greco
To the English artist and critic Roger Fry in 1920, El Greco was the archetypal genius who did as he thought best "with complete indifference to what effect the right expression might have on the public".
Fry described El Greco as "an old master who is not merely modern, but actually appears a good many steps ahead of us, turning back to show us the way".
During the same period, other researchers developed alternate, more radical theories.
Doctors August Goldschmidt and Germán Beritens argued that El Greco painted such elongated human figures because he had vision problems (possibly progressive astigmatism or strabismus) that made him see bodies longer than they were, and at an angle to the perpendicular.
PostgreSQL
The mixed-capitalization of the PostgreSQL name can confuse some people on first viewing. 
The several pronunciations of "SQL" can lead to this confusion. 
It is also common to hear it abbreviated as "'Postgres'", its original name. 
Because of ubiquitous support for the SQL Standard amongst most relational databases, the community considered changing the name back to Postgres.
Postgraduate research
The nomenclature associated with titles arising from postgraduate research vary from one institution to another and one country to another.
For example, at Bachelor's level, it would be common to receive a BSc(Chemistry).
There are some exceptions to this.
In a professional Doctorate, where the objective is to demonstrate an in-depth research knowledge of a particular area, the discipline is usually included (e.g., Doctor of Business).
Postgraduate education
Private universities' administrations often oppose their graduate students when they try to form unions, arguing that students should be exempt from labor laws intended for "employees".
In some cases unionization movements have met with enough student opposition to fail. 
Sometimes only one set of employees will unionize (e.g. teaching assistants, residential directors); at other times , most or all will. 
Typically , fellowship recipients, usually not employed by their university, do not participate. 
Postgraduate education
Many departments, especially those in which students have research or teaching responsibilities, offer tuition-forgiveness and a stipend that pays for most expenses.
At some elite universities , there may be a minimum stipend established for all Ph.D. students, as well as a tuition waiver. 
The terms of these stipends vary greatly, and may consist of a scholarship or fellowship, followed by teaching responsibilities.
At many elite universities , these stipends have been increasing, in response both to student pressure and especially to competition among the elite universities for graduate students. 
Postbeat Poets
As with blurbs, another way Ginsberg offered appreciation for younger poets was in interviews.
In 1996, with less than a year to live, Gloria G. Brame asked Ginsberg, “Which younger poets do you believe are doing the most promising work?
Ginsberg responded: “There are quite a few whom I like and with whom I feel a great deal of empathy.
All of these poets at one time or another passed through Naropa.
He met Neal Cassidy before he died and has some of his energy.
I've read with him a number of times… There's a poet called Eliot Katz who lives in New Brunswick, NJ.
His family comes from Germany and most of them were wiped out in the concentration camps… Sapphire (author), a young student of mine at Brooklyn college… She's a black lesbian.
Paul Beatty is another former student of mine: he is a rapper with a literary, be-bop sound.
Postal marking
'Service marks' provide information to the sender, recipient, or another post office.
(For example, a letter may be marked "snowbank" if snow accumulation not cleared by the potential recipient, or for whatever other reason, makes it difficult or impossible for the carrier to deliver the mail.)
Dead letter offices would use various markings to keep track of their progress in finding the addressee, such as a notation that the letter had been advertised in the local newspaper. 
The tracking process for registered mail may entail multiple marks, notations and backstamps.
Postal code
In some countries (such as those of continental Europe, where a postcode format of four or five numeric digits is commonly used) the numeric postal code is sometimes prefixed with a country code to avoid confusion when sending international mail to or from that country. 
For many years , licence plate codes - for instance "D-" for Germany or "F-" for France - were used, although this was not accepted by the Universal Postal Union (UPU). 
Usage of ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 codes was recommended to be used starting in 1994, but did not become widely used.
The European Committee for Standardization recommends use of ISO Alpha-2 codes for international postcodes and a UPU guide on international addressing states that "administrations may recommend" the use of ISO Alpha-2 codes.
Postage stamps and postal history of the Canal Zone
In 1928, the Zone issued a definitive series inscribed "CANAL ZONE POSTAGE" depicting various persons involved in the construction of the canal, as well as a 5 c value showing the Gaillard Cut. 
A series of 16 stamps in 1939 commemorating the 25th anniversary of the canal's completion showed "before" and "after" views of various points along the canal.
Thereafter stamps appeared at an average rate of about two per year, with a commemorative set in some years and no stamps in others. 
This paralleled the abandonment of the word "POSTAGE" on many United States stamps , as the United States ceased to issue revenue stamps. 
Postage stamps and postal history of Mexico
In 1856, Mexico issued its first adhesive postage stamps, with "district overprints", a unique feature among postal systems worldwide, employed to combat theft of postage stamps.
From the late 19th century, Mexico's stamps were generally conservative in design and often manufactured abroad. 
The Mexican Revolution and ensuing Civil Wars (1910-1920), however, threw Mexico into upheaval and resulted in numerous provisional and local stamps issued by the factions in control of different areas of the country.
In the years preceding World War II, the look of Mexico's stamps changed dramatically, with many stamps displaying the works of modern Mexican abstract and mural artists.
Postage stamp color
In general , collectors follow the stamp catalogs in matters of color nomenclature, even though the different catalogs are not consistent with each other. 
Although there are a great many named colors , the selection used by philatelists is limited to several dozen , modified by adjectives such as "dark", "light", "pale", "bright" and "deep". 
In addition, two color names may be combined, as in "gray green" or "brown orange", where the first name indicates the direction of modification to the second color.
This system becomes less clear when extended to other colors, and few collectors could describe precisely how "carmine rose" is different from "rose carmine".
Post-structuralism
The movement is difficult to define or summarize, but may be broadly understood as a body of distinct responses to structuralism (hence the prefix "post"). 
Many contributors, most notably Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, and Julia Kristeva, either inverted structuralist principles or set out to reject them outright.
In direct contrast to the structuralist claim of an independent signifier superior to the signified, post-structuralism generally views the signifier and signified as inseparable but not united; meaning itself inheres to the play of difference.
Anti-humanism, as a rejection of the enlightenment subject, is often a central tenet.
Post-rock
Vocals are often omitted from post-rock; however, this does not necessarily mean they are absent entirely.
When vocals are included, the use is typically non-traditional: some post-rock bands employ vocals as purely instrumental efforts and incidental to the sound, rather than a more traditional use where "clean", easily-interpretable vocals are important for poetic and lyrical meaning. 
When present, post-rock vocals are often soft or droning and are typically infrequent or present in irregular intervals. 
Sigur Rós, a band known for their distinctive vocals, fabricated a language that critics call "Hopelandic" (Vonlenska in icelandic, a term even used by the band), which has been described by the band as "a form of gibberish vocals that fits to the music and acts as another instrument." 
Post-polio syndrome
Because PPS can fatigue facial muscles, as well as cause dysphagia (difficulty swallowing), dysarthria (difficulty speaking) or aphonia (inability to produce speech), persons with PPS may become malnourished due to difficulty eating.
Severe cases may require permanent ventilation or tracheostomy.
Sleep apnoea may also occur.
Other management strategies that may lead to improvement improvement include smoking cessation, treatment of other respiratory diseases and vaccination against respiratory infections such as influenza.
Post-metal
The general philosophy behind post-metal production is that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts, so each instrument is usually given about equal presence.
Vocals are often not particularly high in the mix, and in most cases are "barked" in the style of hardcore punk or metal, i.e. guttural and shouted, rather than growled in death metal.
Lyrics cover a broad spectrum of issues, usually somewhat metaphysical, existentialist or macroscopic, as opposed to deeply personal or directly allegorical.
Themes often include political dissatisfaction, or criticism of herd mentality.
Post-invasion Iraq, 2003–present
Amarah: A roadside bomb killed one and wounded three others in Amarah.
Tal Afar: A roadside bomb in Tal Afar killed four, including a policeman, and wounded eight other people.
Mosul: Six people were shot dead, including one policeman.
Baqubah: Eight people were killed in different incidents.
Post-industrial music
'Power noise' (also known as 'rhythmic noise') takes its inspiration from some of the more structured and distorted early industrial acts, such as Esplendor Geométrico.
Hymen Records, Converter, Coma record description.
Power noise groups meld noise music with various forms of electronic dance music. 
Access date: August 8, 2008. Typically, power noise is based upon a distorted kick drum from a drum machine such as a Roland TR-909, uses militaristic 4/4 beats, and is usually instrumental.
Sometimes a melodic component is added, but this is almost always secondary to the rhythm.
Post-cult trauma
He further writes in the article that the clear majority of those who leave of their own free will speak positively of certain aspects of their past experience.
While readily acknowledging the ways a given religious movement failed to meet their personal expectations and spiritual needs, many voluntary defectors have found ways of salvaging some redeeming values from their previous religious associations and activities. 
But there are some voluntary apostates from new religious movements who leave deeply embittered and harshly critical of their former religious associations and activities. 
Long-term and heavily involved members of new religious movements who over time become disenchanted with their religion often throw all of the blame on their former religious associations and activities. [...]
Post-credits scene
Using humor in such scenes is also still common for more serious films, as in the film 'Daredevil', in which Bullseye is shown after his defeat by Daredevil in a full body cast.
Another example happens in 'Hellboy' when Tom Manning is shown still wandering around the catacombs when he was last seen previously in the film when the other major players have left.
Other films eschew the comedy in favor of a twist or revelation that would be out of place elsewhere in the movie, as in 'X-Men: The Last Stand's post-credits scene, which suggests that Professor X may have transferred his mind to the body of a comatose patient (which was revealed in the DVD commentary to be the identical twin of Charles Xavier, whose mind had been crippled and destroyed due to Charles's growing powers in their mother's womb).
In 'Iron Man', Samuel L. Jackson makes a cameo appearance as Nick Fury, who wants to talk to Tony Stark about the "Avenger Initiative" (Jackson will reprise the role in other Marvel films, including 'The Avengers', 'Iron Man 2', 'Thor', and 'The First Avenger: Captain America').
Post-concussion syndrome
Ongoing disabilities may be treated with therapy to improve function at work, or in social or other contexts.
Therapy aims to aid in the gradual return to work and other preinjury activities, as symptoms permit.
CBT may help prevent persistence of iatrogenic symptoms – those that occur because health care providers create the expectation that they will.
A risk exists that the "power of suggestion" may worsen symptoms and cause long-term disabilities; therefore, when counseling is indicated, the therapist must take a psychological origin of symptoms into account and not assume that all symptoms are a direct result of neurological damage from the injury.
Post-Zionism
Post-Zionism is a term associated with a variety of perceptions and different positions , behind which stands criticism of the core beliefs of Zionist groups. 
Post-Zionists raise many questions about Zionism and the state of Israel, among them: 
Is the state of Israel indeed a safe shelter for the Jewish nation?
Are there any other places in the world in which the Jews' conditions are better from a historical point of view?
(For example North America)
Is it really possible to have both a Jewish state and a democracy?
Post-September 11 anti-war movement
The groups have collaborated at times on events, although collaboration has not always been easy.
In perhaps the most infamous incident, Rabbi Michael Lerner was banned from speaking at a February 16, 2003 anti-war rally in San Francisco, less than a month before the U.S. invaded Iraq. 
It was generally believed that this was done at ANSWER's behest, because Lerner had been critical of what he perceives as ANSWER's anti-Israel politics. 
Lerner, though irked that NION and UFPJ did not stand up for his inclusion as a speaker, continued to encourage people to attend the rally.
Post-Confederation Canada (1867-1914)
While MacDonald may have hoped that the BNA Act would provide the central government in Ottawa with a strong hand, some of the provinces , particularly Ontario under the leadership of its premier Oliver Mowat, pushed for interpretations of the Constitution that favoured provincial rather than Dominion interests. 
Mowat sent police and government officials into the disputed territory to assert Ontario's claims, while Manitoba (at the behest of the national government) did the same.
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, which served as Canada's highest appeal court until 1949, repeatedly issued rulings taking the side of provincial rights.
These decisions would to some extent neutralize the power of the central government, creating a decentralized federation quite different from what Sir John A. Macdonald had envisioned.
"By the eve of the First World War, Confederation had evolved into a creation beyond John A. Macdonald's worst nightmare.
Powerful, independent provinces, sovereign within their own spheres, manipulated the rights of property, levied their own taxes--even income taxes, in a few cases--exploited their natural resources, and managed schools, hospitals, and relief for the poor, while a weak and ineffectual central government presided over not much of anything in the drab little capital on the banks of the Ottawa."
Post vacation blues
A person may suffer from post vacation blues after returning home or to a normal routine from a long vacation, especially if it was a pleasurable one. 
The longer a trip lasts, the more intense the post vacation blues may be. 
Post vacation blues may result in tiredness, loss of appetite, strong feelings of nostalgia, and in some cases , depression. 
Jet lag may intensify the post vacation blues. 
Post Tribulation Rapture
Opposing doctrines include:
'Midtribulationists' believe that the rapture of the faithful will occur halfway through the Tribulation, after it begins, and will endure the phase of the Tribulation which tests their faith, but that they will be removed before the last half occurs, because that three and one-half year period is manifestly dominated by the wrath of God falling on those who reject him, Supporters of this view often cite 1 Thessalonians 5.9, "For God has not destined us for wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ.
"
'Pretribulationists' believe that all Christians then alive will be taken bodily up to Heaven (called the rapture) before the Tribulation begins.
They often quote 2 Thessalonians 2.6,7 to support the idea that the Holy Spirit will be withdrawn as a stabilizing influence on secular society (Matt 5.13) through the removal of the Church.
Those who become converts after the rapture will, like the Old Testament saints, not be indwelt by the Holy Spirit in the same sense as Christians are said to be today.
Post Secondary Transition For High School Students with Disabilities
Public Law 108-446, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 2004, is most commonly called IDEA 2004.
Following enactment, the U.S. Department of Education took nearly two years to develop the federal regulations to answer common questions about critical parts of the law.
To some extent , the federal regulations clarify how the law should be put into practice. 
In some areas the final implementation of the law is up to the state educational agencies (SEAs) and local educational agencies (LEAs) - the public school districts. 
Post Reditum in Senatu
VI. 13 And when in the Circus Flaminius3 (I will not say the consul had been conducted into the assembly by a tribune of the people, but) the archpirate had been brought in by another robber, he came first a man of what exceeding dignity, full of wine, sleep, and debauchery! with hair dripping with ointments, with carefully arranged locks, with heavy eyes, moist cheeks, a husky and drunken voice; and he, a grave authority, said that he was greatly displeased at citizens having been executed without having been formally condemned.
For that other man, Caesoninus Calventius, from his youth up has been habituated to the forum, though, except his assumed and crafty melancholy, there was no single thing to recommend him,—no knowledge of the law, no skill in speaking, no knowledge of military affairs or of men, no liberality.
And he has masters, none of those foolish fellows who go on for whole days discussing duty and virtue,—who exhort men to labour, to industry, to encounter dangers for the sake of their country, but men who argue that no hour ought to be unoccupied by pleasure; that in every part of the body there ought always to be some joy and delight to be perceived.
15 He uses his masters as a sort of superintendents of his lusts; they seek out and scent out all sorts of pleasures; they are the seasoners and furnishers of his banquets they appraise and value the different pleasures, they give a formal decision and judgment as to how much indulgence ought to be allowed to each separate pleasure.
He, becoming accomplished in all these arts, despised this most prudent city to such a degree that he thought that all his lusts and all his atrocities could be concealed, if he only thrust his ill-omened face into the forum.
Positron emission tomography
Radionuclides used in PET scanning are typically isotopes with short half lives such as carbon-11 (~20 min), nitrogen-13 (~10 min), oxygen-15 (~2 min), and fluorine-18 (~110 min). These radionuclides are incorporated either into compounds normally used by the body such as glucose (or glucose analogues), water or ammonia, or into molecules that bind to receptors or other sites of drug action.
Such labelled compounds are known as radiotracers.
It is important to recognize that PET technology can be used to trace the biologic pathway of any compound in living humans (and many other species as well), provided it can be radiolabeled with a PET isotope. 
Due to the short half lives of most radioisotopes, the radiotracers must be produced using a cyclotron and radiochemistry laboratory that are in close proximity to the PET imaging facility.
Positron emission tomography
Limitations to the widespread use of PET arise from the high costs of cyclotrons needed to produce the short-lived radionuclides for PET scanning and the need for specially adapted on-site chemical synthesis apparatus to produce the radiopharmaceuticals.
Few hospitals and universities are capable of maintaining such systems, and most clinical PET is supported by third-party suppliers of radiotracers which can supply many sites simultaneously. 
This limitation restricts clinical PET primarily to the use of tracers labelled with F-18, which has a half life of 110 minutes and can be transported a reasonable distance before use, or to rubidium-82, which can be created in a portable generator and is used for myocardial perfusion studies.
Nevertheless, in recent years a few on-site cyclotrons with integrated shielding and hot labs have begun to accompany PET units to remote hospitals.
Positive feedback
Simple systems that clearly separate the inputs from the outputs are not prone to systemic risk.
This risk is more likely as the complexity of the system increases, because it becomes more difficult to see or analyze all the possible combinations of variables in the system even under careful stress testing conditions.
The more efficient a complex system is, the more likely it is to be prone to systemic risks, because it takes only a small amount of deviation to disrupt the system.
Therefore well-designed complex systems generally have built-in features to avoid this condition, such as a small amount of friction, or resistance, or inertia, or time delay to decouple the outputs from the inputs within the system.
Positive airway pressure
In many countries PAP machines are only available by prescription. 
A sleep study at an accredited sleep lab is usually necessary before treatment can start.
A sleep medicine doctor, who may be also trained in respiratory medicine, psychiatry, neurology, pediatrics, family practice or otolaryngology (ear, nose and throat), will interpret the results from the initial sleep study and recommend a pressure from test. 
This may be done in one night (a split study with the diagnostic testing done in the first part of the night, and CPAP testing done in the later part of the night) or with a follow up second sleep study during which the CPAP titration may be done over the entire evening. 
Poseur Ink
Almost twice the size of 'Side A', 'Side B' contains stories by comic staples like Jim Mahfood, Jeffrey Brown, and Ryan Kelly; as well as Xeric Grant winners: Box Brown, Colleen Frakes and many others 
Released in June 2009, the book was favorably reviewed by the vast majority of those who picked it up.
Johanna Draper Carlson ('Comics Worth Reading') said it was "the best anthology [she had] read this year," in her 2009 MoCCA report.
The music e-zine Absolute Punk gave away three copies of the book to its users, introducing their users to Poseur Ink's other comics and products.
Poser porn
The freedom allowed by using computer-generated imagery allows pornographic (erotic) artists to create scenes or scenarios that would not be possible (or legal) within the realm of live action shooting.
Therefore, many Poser pornographic artists choose to create fantastical scenes that may feature animals, monsters, aliens, magical or supernatural elements or far-fetched BDSM scenarios. 
Violent and disturbing imagery may also be seen in such computer-generated porn. 
Another popular sub genre of Poser porn that exploits the freedom of computer-generated porn appeals to vorarephiles (this form of Poser porn falls under the vore category).
Poser
Poser has become a popular tool for digital artists creating original images featuring human figures.
While Poser has animation capability, this use is less common.
Poser figures and animations have been seen in some computer games from budding game creators (Desert Rifle-Qi games and Cake shop-Elefun games).
Infography present in several science and technology magazines around the world is often Poser retouched or postworked models. 
Poser
Poser comes with a host of features, such as the inclusion of "Primitive" zygotes; spheres, cubes and other shapes at both low and high resolution.
As with Poser 5.0, it is compatible with 3ds Max, LightWave and Maya, which enables Poser version 6.0 and higher to render more than simply people.
Indeed, Poser has become almost limitless in the characters it can render.
As a result of its huge third-party community, many models are available, such as spaceships, aliens, weapons, scenes, buildings, and other such props.
Porvorim
A second city, Mapusa, is situated some 7 kilometers from here.
Tourist folks usually visit this peaceful paradise to enjoy some leisure.
As of the other parts of Goa, Konkani remains the predominantly spoken language.
There are also some villages close by such as Guirim, Aldona, Assanora, Thivim
Portulaca oleracea
The species status in the New World is uncertain: it is generally considered an exotic weed; however, there is evidence that the species was in Crawford Lake deposits (Ontario) in 1430-89, suggesting that it reached North America in the pre-Columbian era. 
It is naturalised elsewhere and in some regions is considered an invasive weed. 
The flowers appear depending upon rainfall and may occur year round.
The flowers open singly at the center of the leaf cluster for only a few hours on sunny mornings.
Portuguese transition to democracy
Francisco Sá Carneiro, the dynamic leader of the PSD and a fierce personal rival of Soares, put together a coalition of his own PSD along with the CDS, the Popular Monarchist Party (Partido Popular Monárquico — PPM), and another small party to form the Democratic Alliance (Aliança Democrática — AD).
The coalition won 45.2% of the vote in the elections, or 128 seats, for a majority of 3 in the 250-seat assembly.
The PS, which had also formed an electoral coalition with several small left-wing groups , suffered a drubbing and won only 27.4%, a large drop compared with 1976 results. 
The PCP, in coalition with another left-wing party, gained slightly.
Portuguese people
According to a highly criticized recent study that was published in the American Journal of Human Genetics in December 2008 by Adams et al., about 30 percent of modern Portuguese (23.6 in the north and 36.3 in the south) have DNA reflecting what can be a male Sephardic Jewish ancestry and about 14 % (11.8 in the north and 16.1% in the south) have a probable Moorish ancestry, Adams et al. 2008. 
Despite alternative possible sources for lineages ascribed a Sephardic Jewish origin, these proportions attest to a high level of religious conversion (whether voluntary or enforced), driven by historical episodes of social and religious intolerance, that ultimately led to the integration of descendants.
"'Despite alternative possible sources for lineages' ascribed a Sephardic Jewish origin'", "They are really assuming that they are looking at this migration of Jewish immigrants, but the same lineages could have been introduced in the Neolithic" said Stephen Oppenheimer.
On the other hand, Chris Tyler-Smith, an expert on Y-chromosome genetics and a collaborator with the team that carried the study , argues that the individual differences in Y-chromosome markers suggest that Iberians and Sephardic Jews must share ancestry more recent than several millennia,. 
Portuguese literature
The novel is really a creation of the nineteenth century and it began with historical romances in the style of Walter Scott by Alexandre Herculano de Carvalho e Araujo, to whom succeeded Rebello da Silva with 'A Mocidade de D. Joao V', Andrade Corvo, and others.
The romance of manners is due to the versatile Camillo Castello Branco, a rich impressionist who describes to perfection the life of the early part of the century in 'Amor de Perdiçao', 'Novellas do Minho', and other books.
Gomes Coelho (Julio Dinis), a romantic idealist and subjective writer, is known best by 'As Pupillas do Snr Reitor', but the great creative artist was José Maria de Eça de Queiroz, founder of the Naturalist School, and author of 'Primo Basilio', 'Correspondencia de Fradique Mendes', 'A Cidade e as Serras'.
His characters live and many of his descriptive and satiric passages have become classical.
Portuguese literature
Meanwhile the people were elaborating a ballad poetry of their own, the body of which is known as the 'Romanceiro'.
It consists of lyrico-narrative poems treating of war, chivalry, adventure, religious legends, and the sea, many of which have great beauty and contain traces of the varied civilizations which have existed in the peninsula.
When the Court poets had exhausted the artifices of Provencal lyricism, they imitated the poetry of the people, giving it a certain vogue which lasted until the Classical Renaissance.
It was then thrust into the background, and though cultivated by a few, it remained unknown to men of letters until the nineteenth century, when Almeida-Garrett began his literary revival and collected folk poems from the mouths of the peasantry.
Portuguese literature
His principal defect is monotony: his own self is his solitary theme, and he seldom attempts any other form of composition than the sonnet.
On the other hand, few poets who have chiefly devoted themselves to this form have produced so large a proportion of really exquisite work. 
The comparatively few pieces in which be either forgets his doubts and inward conflicts, or succeeds in giving them an objective form, are among the most beautiful in any literature. 
The purely introspective sonnets are less attractive , but equally finely wrought , interesting as psychological studies, and impressive from their sincerity. 
Portuguese alphabet
Only the most frequent sounds are given below, since a listing of all cases and exceptions would be too cumbersome.
Portuguese is a pluricentric language, and the pronunciation of some of the letters is different in European Portuguese (EP) and Brazilian Portuguese (BP).
Apart from these variations, the pronunciation of most consonants is fairly straightforward, and similar to French or Catalan pronunciation.
Only the consonants 'r', 's', 'x', 'z', the digraphs 'ch', 'lh', 'nh', 'rr', and the vowels may require special attention from English speakers.
Portuguese Wikipedia
The Portuguese language Wikipedia is different from the English one in a number of aspects. 
Proposed deletion is unavailable.
This was decided via another voting process.
On-going campaigns are reuniting people in favour and against the usage of fair use.
However, if one rewrites the article in another dialect (provided content was changed, not merely the language), but leave some words in the former dialect, these words should be rewritten in accordance with the new version's dialect of the article.
Portuguese Gothic architecture
During the Gothic era, several castles had to be either built or reinforced, especially along the border with the Kingdom of Castille.
Compared to previous castles, Gothic castles in Portugal tended to have more towers, often of circular or semi-circular plan (to increase resistance to projectiles), keep towers tended to be polygonal, and castle gates were often defended by a pair of flanking towers.
A second, lower wall curtain (barbicans) were often built along the perimeter of the main walls to prevent war machines from approaching the castle.
Features like machicolations and improved arrowslits became also widespread.
Portuguese East Africa
In the 1940s, the integration of traditional authorities into the colonial administration was deepened, a level of social integration, miscegenation and social promotion based in skill and human qualities of each individual, rather than in the ethnic background, which was coined 'lusotropicalismo' and had been a major feature of the Portuguese Empire throughout history.
Gradually, these "traditional" titles lost some of their content, and the 'régulos' and 'cabos de terra' came to be viewed as an effective part of the colonial state, remunerated for their participation in the collection of taxes, recruitment of the labor force, and agricultural production in the area under their control.
In major urban areas, most notoriously the cosmopolitan provincial ports of Lourenço Marques and Beira, racial integration and socioeconomic opportunities for all kind of skilled citizens were already very deep.
From then on, all Africans were considered Portuguese citizens, and racial discrimination became a sociological rather than a legal feature of colonial society.
Portugal
Other minor influences include some 5th century vestiges of Alan settlement, which were found in Alenquer, Coimbra and even Lisbon. 
A victory over the Muslims at Ourique in 1139 is traditionally taken as the occasion when Portugal was transformed from a county (County of Portugal as a fief of the Kingdom of León) into an independent kingdom: the Kingdom of Portugal. 
Guimaraes - the city is known as the cradle of Portugal.
On 24 June 1128, the Battle of Sao Mamede occurred near Guimaraes.
In 1348 and 1349, like the rest of Europe, Portugal was devastated by the Black Death.
In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world.'.
In 1383, the king of Castile, husband of the daughter of the Portuguese king who had died without a male heir, claimed his throne.
An ensuing popular revolt led to the 1383-1385 Crisis.
Portstewart
The town now has an annual Red Sails Festival each July, which in 2004, as with most years, culminated with a firework display out over the bay.
Over 70,000 people crammed the seafront to watch.
Doctor Robert F Kaiko inventor of the popular opioid analgesic 'Oxycontin' went to school in Portstewart.
He was then part of Paul McCartney's group Wings, before moving onto other groups.
Portsmouth Block Mills
These machines utilised several features for the first time which have since become commonplace in machine design.
The boring operation indented gauging points in the wooden blocks which the clamps of the later machines used to locate the blocks precisely.
This meant that positioning of the block in later processes ensured accurate location in relation to the tool working on it.
several of the machines had cone clutches.
Brunel used detachable tool bits held in tool holders very similar to those use now on general purpose lathes.
Expanding collet chucks were used to locate the sheaves by gripping the internal bore, during certain operations.
Two-jaw gripping chucks were used on some machines.
These were precursors of the three-jaw chucks used on lathes today.
The morticing machines could be set to stop automatically once the operation was finished.
Interchangeability of the sheaves and pins was possible, since they were not married to a particular shell.
The work-flow is perhaps best described as batch production, because of the range of block sizes demanded.
This method of working did not catch on in general manufacturing in Britain for many decades , and when it did it was imported from America. 
Portraits of Shakespeare
New scientific tests on the label suggest that it dates to Shakespeare's lifetime, which, if true, would make this a likely authentic image of Shakespeare. 
It is attributed by a family tradition to one John Sanders or possibly his brother Thomas. 
The inscription on the label "This likeness taken" has been criticised as not a contemporary formulation.
It is no longer attributed to him, nor is there any evidence to identify it as Shakespeare, however it was probably painted during his lifetime and may depict a poet. 
Portrait photography
Most lights used in modern photography are a flash of some sort.
This provides a softer lighting for portrait work and is often considered more appealing than the harsh light often cast by open strobes.
Hair and background lights are usually not diffused.
It is more important to control light spillage to other areas of the subject.
Portrait photography
'Portrait photography' is the capture by means of photography of the likeness of a person or a small group of people (a group portrait), in which the face and expression is predominant.
Like other types of portraiture, the focus of the photograph is the person's face, although the entire body and the background may be included.
A portrait is generally not a snapshot, but a composed image of a person in a still position.
A portrait often shows a person looking directly at the camera.
Portrait painting
In most cases, this results in a serious, closed lip stare, with anything beyond a slight smile being rather rare historically.
Even given these limitations, a full range of subtle emotions is possible from quiet menace to gentle contentment.
As author and artist Gordon C. Aymar states, "the eyes are the place one looks for the most complete, reliable, and pertinent information" about the subject.
And the eyebrows can register, "almost single-handedly, wonder, pity, fright, pain, cynicism, concentration, wistfulness, displeasure, and expectation, in infinite variations and combinations."
Portrait painting
Among the other possible variables, the subject can be clothed or nude; indoors or out; standing, seated, reclining; even horse-mounted.
Portrait paintings can be of individuals, couples, parents and children, families, or collegial groups.
They can be created in various media including oils, watercolor, pen and ink, pencil, charcoal, pastel, and mixed media.
Artists may employ a wide-ranging palette of colors, as with Pierre-Auguste Renoir's 'On The Terrace' (1881) or restrict themselves to mostly white or black, as with Gilbert Stuart's 'Portrait of George Washington' (1796).
Portrait
'Portrait photography' is a popular commercial industry all over the world.
Many people enjoy having professionally made 'family portraits' to hang in their homes, or special portraits to commemorate certain events, such as graduations or weddings. 
Since the dawn of photography, people have made portraits.
Studios sprang up in cities around the world, some cranking out more than 500 plates a day. 
Subjects were generally seated against plain backgrounds and lit with the soft light of an overhead window and whatever else could be reflected with mirrors.
Portobello, Dublin
As a fast-expanding suburb during the 19th century Portobello attracted many upwardly-mobile families whose members went on to play important roles in politics, the arts and the sciences.
Although usually referred to as Portobello Bridge, the correct name is La Touche Bridge (named after William Digges La Touche (1747-1803), scion of a prominent Dublin business family and a director of the Grand Canal Company).
For some unaccountable reason he took his army over to Finglas, where he spent a month, which allowed the Roundheads to reinforce and plan their attack.
Ormonde's army was defeated, many of them killed, and the place where they fell (mainly between Rathmines and Ranelagh) was known for a long time as the Bloody Fields.
Porto Alegre
They can be pricey, if compared to other towns, but they are also an easier, safer and more dependable option than buses in some cases. 
To ride a cab, one can walk to the nearest "taxi stop" (usually in crowded areas or points of interest), wave for an empty passing cab or call a tele-táxi service.
Tele-táxi may charge extra for this service.
The price of the fare is determined by a machine called taxímetro, usually in front of the passenger seat.
Portland, Louisville
Although now just a neighborhood of the much larger Louisville, Portland would continue to flourish as a working class community through the 1930s, with residents working in many of the nearby factories. 
Both floods had driven many middle class families from the area. 
Despite the loss of many of area's oldest buildings , portions of the neighborhood away from the flood wall were largely untouched by urban renewal, and retain a great number of pre-Civil War buildings. 
Although many older mansions exist in Portland, the vast majority of homes built in the area were shotgun houses. 
Portland General Electric
Then in 1999, and again in 2001, Enron attempted to sell PGE to other investor-owned utilities including Portland based NW Natural.
'The corporate officers of PGE have claimed that this utility was not involved in the financial misdealings of its owner, pointing to the fact that many of its employees suffered when Enron froze the 401(k) retirement plan and were unable to sell the rapidly declining stock.
However, Ken Harrison and Joseph Hirko, PGE's CEO and CFO respectively at the time of the Enron merger were charged on several felony level counts primarily related to financial misrepresentation regarding Enron Broadband Services which had its headquarters within the World Trade Center complex that comprises PGE's corporate offices.
In addition Tim Belden, head of the West Coast Trading Desk and John Forney, an energy trader who invented various electricity trading strategies such as the 'Death Star', operated from the trading floor in the PGE corporate offices and were also convicted of financial crimes related to the California Electricity Crisis.
Portia (genus)
Laboratory studies show that 'Portia' learns very quickly how to overcome web-building spiders that neither it nor its evolutionary ancestors would have met in the wild.
On the other hand they will use a head-on approach against spitting spiders that are carrying eggs.
Against other jumping spiders, which also have excellent vision, 'Portia's may mimic fragments of leaf litter detritus.
On the other hand they simply stalk and rush unarmed prey such as flies, and also capture prey by means of sticky webs.
Portevin–Le Chatelier effect
The 'Portevin–Le Chatelier effect' describes a serrated stress-strain curve, which some materiels exhibit as they undergo plastic deformation. 
This effect occurs, when solute atoms (e.g C in steels) have sufficient mobility and thus can segregate at a dislocation core.
When a freed dislocation runs through thr crystal it disturbs other locked dislocations, and may cause an avalanche-like freeing of dislocations.
Since this process can happen several times, it leads to serrations in the curve.
Due to the localized deformations some materials , e.g., aluminum-magnesium alloys, develop a rough surface during deformation processes, rendering them useless for autobody or casing applications. 
Porter Wagoner
The shows usually featured opening performances by Wagoner with performances by Jean, or later Parton, and comedic interludes by Rhodes.
During Parton's tenure, she and Wagoner usually sang a duet (Wagoner did not duet with Norma Jean).
Each episode also featured a guest who would usually perform one or two songs.
A spiritual or gospel performance was almost always featured toward the end of the show; generally performed by either Wagoner or Parton, or the show's guest star, or occasionally the entire cast.
Porte des Morts
Some say it has more shipwrecks than any other section of fresh water in the world. 
Winds on the Great Lakes are notoriously unpredictable and can increase to gale forces and more almost without warning.
Plum Island and tiny Pilot Island are almost in the very middle of what is commonly considered Death's Door and thereby pose hazards.
While the Porte des Morts Passage proper to the south of Plum Island is relatively hazard free, the Detroit Island Passage to the north of Plum Island has many.
Portal hypertensive gastropathy
The diagnosis of portal hypertensive gastropathy is usually made on endoscopy.
Red spots may or may not be present. 
The pattern is usually seen throughout the stomach.
However, in GAVE, the ectatic blood vessels are more commonly found in the antrum or lower part of the stomach.
Portage River (St. Joseph County, Michigan)
(Traditional English and American popular cooking traditions of that time demanded that all vegetables be boiled or otherwise cooked before being served.)
For several generations the Portage River area led the nation in celery production. 
The best known strawberry farm was R. M. Kellogg's in Three Rivers, founded in 1896.
The R. M. Kellogg farms also maintained a popular tourist attraction, the Kellogg Gardens, elaborate gardens with many unusual structures , next to the Portage River in the city of Three Rivers. 
Portable water purification
Neither chlorine (e.g., bleach) nor iodine alone is considered completely effective against 'Cryptosporidium', although they are partially effective against 'Giardia'. 
Chlorine is considered slightly better than iodine against 'Giardia'.
A more complete field solution that includes chemical disinfectants is to first filter the water, using a 0.2 micron ceramic cartridge pumped filter, followed by treatment with iodine or chlorine, thereby filtering out cryptosporidium, Giardia, and most bacteria, along with the larger viruses, while also using chemical disinfectant to address smaller viruses and bacteria that the filter cannot remove.
This combination is also potentially more effective in some cases than even using portable electronic disinfection based on UV treatment, such as using a , that fails to work for other than very clear water. 
Portable hole
In various works of fiction, such as cartoons and Dungeons & Dragons, a 'portable hole' is a device that can be used to contravene the laws of physics.
It generally resembles a circular cloth which is placed on a surface to create a hole.
If placed on a wall, for example, the user could crawl through the hole and come out on the other side of the surface.
In another instance, if the hole was placed on the ground, the user might be able to insert objects into it or allow others to fall in, as if he or she had dug a hole.
Port-wine stain
Port-wine stains occur most often on the face but can appear anywhere on the body.
Early stains are usually flat and pink in appearance.
As the child matures, the color may deepen to a dark red or purplish colour.
In adulthood, thickening of the lesion or the development of small lumps may occur.
Port security
There are other areas of vulnerability that terrorist may infiltrate.
Exiting trucks may contain WMD or terrorist operatives that are to infiltrate a surrounding metropolitan area, i.e. transporting a chemical explosive device (from the Port of Los Angeles) to a more densely populated area (downtown Los Angeles).
The disabling of a ship at port is enough to halt all activity at that port for an extended period of time, especially if the disabled ship is blocking a throughway for other vessels.
An example of such an economic impact can be drawn from a labor-management dispute that closed ports along the west coast of the U.S.
These port closures cost the U.S. economy approximately $1 billion dollars per day for the first 5 days, and rose exponentially thereafter.
Port scanner
This has resulted in different computer abuse legislation in various countries , as well as different interpretations of those laws. 
Although these cases are rare, most of the time the legal process involves proving that an intent to commit a break-in or unauthorized access existed, rather than just the performance of a port scan:
In June 2003, an Israeli, Avi Mizrahi, was accused by the Israeli Police of the offense of attempting to the unauthorized access of computer material.
The judge even ruled that this kind of actions should not be discouraged when they are performed in a positive way.
A 17-year old Finn was accused of attempted computer break-in by a major Finnish bank.
He performed several port scans on Cherokee County servers to check its security and eventually port scanned a web server monitored by another IT company, provoking a tiff which ended up in a tribunal.
Port multiplier
Because they believe they are communicating directly with the controller, any drive that holds to the SATA standard can be connected to a port multiplier.
The controller can issue commands to only one disk at a time and cannot issue commands to another disk until the command queue has been completed for the current transactions.
This means that the full bandwidth of the link will most likely not be used.
This kind of switching is therefore used when capacity is the major concern not performance.
Port forwarding
Port forwarding is commonly done on Unix computers where port numbers numbered below 1024 can only be accessed by software running as the root user.
Running as root can be a security risk, so some people use port forwarding to redirect incoming traffic from a low numbered port to software listening on a higher port. 
For example, a web server may be listening on a port such as 8080 for traffic redirected from the restricted port 80.
A port may be forwarded for use by either the TCP protocol, the UDP protocol, or both.
Port Royal
Port Royal grew to be one of the two largest towns and the most economically important port in the English colonies.
During a twenty-year period that ended in 1692, nearly 6,500 people lived in Port Royal.
In addition to prostitutes and buccaneers, there were four goldsmiths, forty-four tavern keepers, and a variety of artisans and merchants who lived in 200 buildings crammed into 51 acres (206,000 m2) of real estate. 213 ships visited the seaport in 1688.
The city’s wealth was so great that coins were preferred for payment rather than the more common system of bartering goods for services.
Port River
There are some mangroves (avicennia marina var resinifera) remaining from the pre-settlement forests along Torrens Island, the north arm of the river and north of the Submarine Corporation near "mutton cove".
Spring tides are over 21 metres and at low tide mudflats are exposed near the outlet of the river, forming a breeding ground for blue swimmer crabs and other species.
Bottlenose dolphins are often seen in the river, examine and follow small boats and have become a well known tourist attraction with dolphin cruises departing from 'Queens Wharf'.
The industrialised nature of the Port River has led to concern for the welfare of the bottlenose dolphin population and studies have shown that some of the dolphins have very high metal burdens in comparison to dolphins elsewhere.
Port Richmond, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Port Richmond, at the beginning of the century, was a working-class neighborhood, and most workers simply walked to their nearby workplaces with lunch pail in hand.
Cars were not common and those who had them stored them in stables.
Stables for horses and cars were located in various parts of the area. 
Streets – unlike now -—were generally free of parked vehicles, allowing hucksters and other vendors space to easily proceed down the narrow side streets with their horse and wagon on a daily basis. 
Port Perry High School
The school's music department has been widely recognized as one of the finest in the country. 
Its ensembles include Guitar Ensemble, Peapods Blues Revue, 11, and several vocal and instrumental groups.
The 2007-2008 line-up for The Accidentals consisted of John Vaillancourt (Guitar, Lead Vocals, Keyboards), Drew Chester (Guitar, Lead Vocals, Keyboards) Nicole Damoff (Vocals, Lead Guitar), Brian McClean (Lead Guitar) Andrew "Thunderthumbs" Britton (Bass, Backing Vocals), Richard Girvan (Lead Guitar), and Jeremy Foster (Backing Vocals, Violin, Keyboards, Percussion) and the groups director Mr. Gordon "Girv" Girvan.
In 2008 the school's music department went on tour to Cleveland Ohio and performed at many exciting venues including The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and a Cleveland Indians baseball game. 
Port Jackson
The land around Port Jackson was occupied at the time of European discovery and colonisation by various tribes including the Gadigal, Cammeraygal, Eora and Wangal peoples.
The Gadigal people are said to have occupied the land stretching along the south side of Port Jackson from what is now South Head, in an arc west through to Petersham. 
The area along the southern banks of the Parramatta River, west of Petersham to Rose Hill, was reported to belong to the Wanegal.
The Eora people lived on the southern side of the harbour, close to where the First Fleet settled.
Port Eliot
The estate office agreed a price, and there began the Elephant Fayre, one of the most eclectic festivals of the 1980s. 
The festival ran from 1981-1986, beginning with some 1,500 visitors over four days, and featured a mix of music, theatre and visual arts.
By 1985-6 the festival, like so many of the time, had become victim of its own success.
Despite the tolerance of the then Lord Eliot and fellow festival benefactor Michael Eavis at Glastobury (known affectionately in festival crew parlance as 'The Good Lord and The Worthy Farmer') the travellers put paid, it was said, to the Elephant Fayre and seriously compromised Glastonbury.
Port Arthur massacre (Australia)
In his police interview Bryant admitted to having car jacked the BMW, but claimed it only had three occupants and denied shooting any person.
He also claimed he did not take the BMW from the vicinity of the toll booth and that his hostage was taken from the BMW.
He also denied visiting Port Arthur on that day, despite identification by several people including the toll attendant.
Bryant also claimed that the guns found by police were not his, but admitted to owning the shotgun that was found with his passport back in his own car near the toll booth.
Porsche 959
Porsche's head engineer at the time, Helmuth Bott, approached Schutz with some ideas about the Porsche 911, or more aptly, a new one.
Bott also knew through experience that a racing program usually helped to accelerate the development of new models.
The motor had originally been developed for the "Moby Dick" race car and then been redeveloped slightly for the short-lived Porsche Indy Car and several other projects before being "tweaked" a last time for use in the 961, the 959's racing counterpart.
The use of sequential twin turbochargers rather than the more usual identical turbochargers for each of the two cylinder banks allowed for smooth seamless delivery of power across the engine RPM band, in contrast to the abrupt on-off power characteristic that distinguished Porsche's other turbocharged engines of the period.
Porphyry of Gaza
Porphyry of Gaza is known to us only from the vivid biography by Mark the Deacon.
The 'Vita Porphyrii' appears to be a contemporary account of Porphyry that chronicles in some detail the end of paganism in Gaza in the early fifth century.
However the text has been identified in the 20th century as hagiography rather than history and some elements of it are certainly examples of the stereotyped events characteristic of this form of fiction Apparent use of Theodoret and other later sources convinced P. Peeters that it was actually written after 534.
On the other hand the author was certainly intimately familiar with Gaza in late Antiquity instances as history the destruction of the temples in Gaza in 'Vita Porphyrii'., and his statements are of interest at least as reflecting attitudes in the 5th century.
Pornography in Japan
Magazines are, along with videos, popular media for pornographic materials.
Many non-pornographic magazines have some glamour photography and as long as women are in something more than a swimsuit, it is considered a non-pornographic photograph. 
Several non-pornographic magazines have some nude photographs of women as a part of their articles but as long as they have an artistic quality and do not show men, it is not considered pornographic. 
Furthermore, a female and male doll may be partially clothed or even nude as long as it is a work of art and is not in an act of sex.
Pornography by region
Other countries commonly visited by American companies involve Colombia and Mexico.
Magazines or comic books featuring softcore (and some hardcore) pornography are commonly sold in newsstands. 
Several other movies were produced by the European company Private in Costa Rica in the 1990’s. 
The American companies Anabolic and Diabolic produced several Latin based series such as Panochitas, which included trips to places such as the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, and Chile. 
Pornographic film
The total current income of the country's adult entertainment is often rated at $10–13 billion, of which $4–6 billion are legal.
The figure is often credited to a study by Forrester Research and was lowered in 1998.
Other sources, quoted by Forbes (Adams Media Research, Veronis Suhler Communications Industry Report, and IVD), even taking into consideration all possible means (video networks and pay-per-view movies on cable and satellite, web sites, in-room hotel movies, phone sex, sex toys, and magazines) mention the $2.6–3.9 billion figure (without the cellphone component).
'USA Today' claimed in 2003 that websites such as and generated $2 billion in revenue in that year, which was allegedly about 10% of the overall domestic porn market at the time. 
Porno (novel)
He has also lost some of the charm and physical attractiveness he previously possessed.
Nikki Fuller-Smith - 25-year old university student and film studies major who moonlights performing minor sexual favours at a sauna/massage parlour.
Lauren - Nikki's best friend and flatmate, a feminist, who tries to dissuade Nikki from being in a porn film.
She is generally regarded as a bore and motherly figure. 
Pork rind
Pork Scratchings are typically heavy, hard and have a crispy layer of fat under the skin, some still retain the hair of the pig, and are flavored only with salt. 
The pig hair is usually removed by quickly burning the skin of the pig before it is cut into pieces and cooked in hot fat.
Hair removal is not 100% effective which is why some retain a few hairs. 
The hairs sometimes make people question the desirability of these pub snacks. 
Porgy and Bess
In addition to being influenced by New York jazz and southern black music, many biographers and contemporaries have noted that for many numbers , Gershwin used melodies from Jewish liturgical music. 
Gershwin biographer Edward Jablonski has claimed that the melody to "It Ain't Necessarily So" was taken from the Haftarah blessing, and others have attributed it to the Torah blessing.
Allusions to Jewish music have been detected by other observers as well. 
Porcupine Tree
Porcupine Tree is notable for being an album-oriented band, making very conceptual records where many songs are related to each other.
I don't like the idea of any song sounding like any other song.
So most of the time it's a case of finding the sound world first whether it be a texture or a drum rhythm that sets you off on a certain musical path, or particular musical atmosphere, or flavor."
For their records, the band include mellotron, hammered dulcimer and guimbri among other unusual instruments for rock bands.
Porcupine Gold Rush
They staked twelve claims near their discovery and then, because different sponsors had staked them food money, they flipped a coin to determine how to divide the claims.
Hollinger won the toss and chose the six claims on the west.
Noah A. Timmins, a former storekeeper in Mattawa and the owner of the LaRose silver mine in Cobalt, purchased Benny Hollinger's claims and opened the Hollinger Mine, one of the greatest gold-producers in the western hemisphere. 
Noah's nephew, Alphonse Paré, described it: “It was as if a giant cauldron had splattered the gold nuggets over a bed of pure white quartz crystals as a setting for some magnificent crown jewels of inestimable value.”
Porchetta
Although popular in the whole country, porchetta originated in central Italy, with Ariccia (in the Province of Rome) being the town most closely associated with it.
Elsewhere, it is considered a celebratory dish.
Across Italy is usually sold by pitchmen with their typically white-painted vans, especially during public displays or holidays, and it can be served in a panino.
It is also eaten as a meat dish in many households or as part of a picnic.
Porch
There are various styles of porches , all of which depend on the architectural tradition of its location. 
However, they may be larger.
Verandahs, for example, are usually quite large and may encompass the entire facade as well as the sides of a structure.
At the other extreme, the Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island, Michigan has the longest porch in the world at in length.
Populous: The Beginning
The player commands several different types of followers , each of which has advantages and disadvantages in combat. 
The most basic unit is the Brave, which builds houses, towers, and military buildings.
Warriors are the most basic military unit, employing a melee attack.
The Shaman herself is fairly weak, although she can be resurrected indefinitely during gameplay.
Shamans make up for their weakness with a number of spells, which can be used in offensive or defensive situations.
Population transfer in the Soviet Union
At the same time, on a number of occasions the workforce was transferred by non-violent means, usually by means of "recruitment" ('????????'). 
This kind of recruitment was regularly performed at forced settlements, where people were naturally more willing to resettle. 
For example, the workforce of the Donbass and Kuzbass mining basins is known to have been replenished in this way. 
(As a note of historical comparison, in Imperial Russia the mining workers at state mines ('bergals', "???????", from German 'Bergauer') were often recruited in lieu of military service which, for a certain period, had a term of 25 years ). 
Population transfer
In the nineteenth century, the United States government removed a number of Native American nations to federally owned and designated Indian reservations.
Starting in the 1830s with the Choctaw people, the policy known as Indian removal relocated many nations living east of the Mississippi River to the Indian Territory in the west, a process that resulted in the "Trail of Tears" for the Cherokees.
Resistance to Indian removal led to several violent conflicts, including the Second Seminole War in Florida.
Later in the century, the establishment of reservations for the Plains Indians led to numerous Indian Wars.
Population history of American indigenous peoples
Stannard's claim of 100 million deaths has been disputed because he does not cite any demographic data to support this number, and because he makes no distinction between death from violence and death from disease.
Noble David Cook, Latin Americanist and history professor at Florida International University, considers books such as Stannard's a number of which were released around the year 1992 to coincide with the 500th anniversary of the Columbus voyage to America to be an unproductive return to Black Legend-type explanations for depopulation.
In response to Stannard's figure, political scientist R. J. Rummel has instead estimated that over the centuries of European colonization about 2 million to 15 million American indigenous people were the victims of what he calls 'democide.'
Rummel's estimate is presumably not a single democide, but a total of multiple democides, since there were many different governments involved. 
Population history of American indigenous peoples
One reason this death toll was overlooked (or downplayed) is that, once introduced, diseases raced ahead of European immigration in many areas. 
After the epidemics had already killed massive numbers of natives, many newer European immigrants assumed that there had always been relatively few indigenous peoples. 
The scope of the epidemics over the years was vast, killing millions of people — possibly in excess of 90% of the population in the hardest hit areas—and creating one of "the greatest human catastrophe in history, far exceeding even the disaster of the Black Death of medieval Europe that killed up to one-third of the people in Europe and Asia between 1347 and 1351. 
Population history of American indigenous peoples
In populations where a disease is endemic, most adults are exposed to the disease at a young age.
With proper care, many of these "childhood diseases" are often survivable. 
In a naive population, all age groups are affected at once, leaving few or no healthy caregivers to nurse the sick.
With no resistant individuals healthy enough to tend to the ill, a disease may have higher fatalities than otherwise.
Population decline
It does not relate to carrying capacity, and is not a term in opposition to overpopulation, which deals with the total possible population that can be sustained by available food, water, sanitation and other infrastructure.
"Underpopulation" is usually defined as a state in which a country's population has declined too much to support its current economic system.
Thus the term has nothing to do with the biological aspects of carrying capacity, but is an economic term employed to imply that the transfer payment schemes of some developed countries might fail once the population declines to a certain point. 
In this case, the younger generation may not be able to support the older generation.
Population control
His central argument on population is as follows: A cancer is an uncontrolled multiplication of cells; the population explosion is an uncontrolled multiplication of people.
Treating only the symptoms of cancer may make the victim more comfortable at first, but eventually he dies - often horribly.
The operation will demand many apparent brutal and heartless decisions. 
The pain may be intense.
Popular revolt in late medieval Europe
Finally, layered on top of this was a popular ideological view of the time that property, wealth and inequality was against the teachings of God, as expressed through the teachings of the Franciscans.
The sentiment of the time was probably best expressed by preacher John Ball during the English Peasant Revolt when he said "When Adam delved and Eve span, who was then the gentleman?". 
In other words, "gentleman" are nobles, all men are equal before God.
It was a cry for a leveling of society where no man is above any other.
Popular print
In the 1400s the great majority of these images were religious, if playing cards are excluded.
Most were coloured, usually crudely, by hand or later by stencil.
One political cartoon relating to events in 1468-70 has survived in several different versions ( many from years later). 
Old master print is a term that at this period includes popular prints, but later is restricted to more expensive and purely artistic prints.
Popular music in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
The concert was broadcast worldwide including SFR Yugoslavia.
Beside "Do They Know it's Christmas?" and USA for Africa projects from the UK and USA respectively, plenty of other countries also joined in. 
The group included Oliver Mandić, Željko Bebek, Momčilo Bajagić, Slađana Milošević, Jura Stublić, Dado Topić, Zdravko Čolić, Izolda Barudžija, Snežana Mišković, Alen Islamović, Sead Lipovača, Dejan Cukić, Doris Dragović, Anja Rupel, Srđan Šaper, Vladimir Divljan, Peđa D' Boy, Zoran Predin and other eminent musicians.
The video for "Za million godina" was played on many TV stations worldwide and also, on July 13 at the Wembley Stadium on large video screens during a video interlude. 
Popular education
Such popular educations were also a major feature of May '68 and of the following decenie, leading in particular to the establishment of the University of Paris VIII - Vincennes in Paris, in 1969.
Famous intellectuals such as Gilles Deleuze, Michel Foucault, Jacques Lacan and others held seminars there, in full classrooms where no seats could be found.
For instance, musicians such as Richard Pinhas assisted at Deleuze's courses, and after having written the 'Anti-Oedipus' (1972) with Félix Guattari, Deleuze used to say that non-specialists had best understood their work.
Furthermore, Vincennes had no amphitheatres, representatives of the 'mandarin' teacher facing and dominating by his position several hundreds students silenciously taking notes.
Popular culture studies
The question whether popular culture or mass culture is inherently conservative, or whether it can be used in a subversive strategy as well, is equally hotly debated. 
It seems widely accepted that popular culture forms can function at any moment as anti-cultures. 
"Bad taste" products such as pornography and horror fiction, says for instance Andrew Ross (1989:231), draw their popular appeal precisely from their expressions of disrespect for the imposed lessons of educated taste.
They are expressions of social resentment on the part of groups which have been subordinated and excluded by today's "civilized society". 
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine - General Command
In the 1970s and 1980s, the group carried out a number of attacks on Israeli soldiers and civilians, and gained notoriety for using spectacular means.
He killed six soldiers and wounded several others , before being shot dead himself. 
The action has been seen by some as providing the catalyst for the eruption of the First Intifada. 
The PFLP-GC has not been involved in major attacks on Israeli targets since the early 1990s, but it has reportedly cooperated with the Hezbollah guerrillas in South Lebanon.
Poppy tea
Effects vary widely depending on dosage (amount of poppy straw used, alkaloid content of poppies and the quality of extraction), on individual sensitivity and on any opiate tolerance which has built up.
Since many of the opioid receptors are located in the spinal chord (CNC) as well as in the digestive tract, the user describes the ability to feel the intestinal tract with the sensation of lightness, and pleasure.
Additionally, some users report a sensation of light pressure on the back of the neck. 
Since opioids are known to release histamine, the user may become itchy as the liver starts to metabolize the alkaloids.
Poppy seed
Fillings in pastries are usually made of finely ground poppy seeds mixed with butter or milk and sugar.
The ground filling is used in poppy seed rolls and some croissants and may be flavored with lemon or orange zest, rum and vanilla with raisins, heavy cream, cinnamon, and chopped blanched almonds or walnuts added.
For sweet baked goods, sometimes instead of sugar a tablespoon of jam, or other sweet binding agent, like syrup is substituted.
The poppy seed for fillings are best when they are finely and freshly ground because this will make a big difference in the pastry fillings texture and taste.
Poppy
However, according to an article published in the 'Medical Science Law Journal', after ingesting "a curry meal or two containing various amounts of washed seeds" where total morphine levels were in the range 58.4 to 62.2 µg/g seeds, the urinary morphine levels were found to range as high as 1.27 µg/mL (1,270 ng/mL) urine.
Another article in the 'Journal of Forensic Science' reports that concentration of morphine in some batches of seeds may be as high as 251 µg/g.
In both studies codeine was also present in the seeds in smaller concentrations.
Therefore it is possible to cross the current standard 2,000 ng/mL limit of detection, depending on seed potency and quantity ingested.
Poppers
Several researchers have demonstrated a statistical correlation between popper use and HHV-8-infection and development of Kaposi's Sarcoma.
However the most recently published peer-reviewed English-language overview of research on the health risks of poppers notes a lack of controlled trials.
The correlation might therefore be accounted for by a bias among some popper users towards high-risk sexual behaviours. 
Anal sex was also correlated.
However, a meta review of 30 research articles examining HIV infection risk and club drug use showed some evidence for poppers being a risk factor for HIV infection but considered further research was necessary.
Popotan
Most of 'Popotan's gameplay requires little interaction from the player since a majority of the time is spent reading the text that appears on the game's screen, which represents either dialogue between the various characters or the inner thoughts of the protagonist.
Gameplay pauses at these points and, depending on which choice the player makes, the plot will progress and may branch off in a specific direction, though pursuing anyone beyond the three sisters requires at least one of the latter's scenarios to have been successfully completed.
The PS2 port added new events and scenes based on the DVD version, although some of the content that was removed. 
This allows the player to play the mini-game based upon various music tracks from the game.
Popoluca
The name however stuck to many languages and has caused some confusion even among linguists working with Native American languages.
This confusion prompted some kind of distinction between Popoluca languages and the spelling "Popoluca" with an "u" became used for certain Mixe-Zoquean languages, while the spelling "Popoloca" with an "o" became used for certain languages of the Popolocan family of Oto-Manguean languages.
Some indigenous communities speaking languages called Popoluca feel that this name is unfairly given and carries a derogatory meaning and they prefer other names to be used about them. 
Below is a list of different varieties of Popoluca and Popoloca and the alternative names that are now beginning to be used for them, at least in some technical and governmental publications. 
Poplar River First Nation
More importantly, in more recent decades the sudden change to mainstream diet could also have negative side-effects, not just with members of this community, but for all First Nation people; on or off reserve.
The introduction of additives to foods such as hormones, antibiotics, tranquilizers, excessively high sugar, salt, and other additives, and even caffeine, nicotine and alcohol, could cause chemical changes in the bodies of First Nation people interfering with mental wellness.
This would explain the high incidents of alcoholism, higher than average rates of suicide, as well as other social ills.
There have been no in-depth scientific studies or analysis in to this particular area specifically targeted at the First Nation peoples.
Popex
The real-time price fluctuations of the artists were shown in the 'control panel' and also by numerous charts on the individual artists' pages.
24hr summaries of the biggest risers and fallers were shown on the (largely redundant but highly popular) shakers and movers (S&M) chart.
The best 40 players were recorded in the 'rich-list' on the comprehensive stats pages.
Occasionally prizes like compact discs and shirts were given out to those who performed best.
As of June, 2005, over 150,000 people belonged to the site, which was based in London, United Kingdom.
Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria
To guide the various dioceses under his jurisdiction to nominate the candidates for episcopal shepherding, and thus consecrate the Hierarchs for these eparchies.
To consecrate bishops for various dioceses or bishoprics, to elevate bishops to the metropolitan dignity and to consecrate and enthrone Patriarchs for daughter autonomous or autocephalous churches of the Apostolic Throne of Alexandria.
To promulgate missions to preach Christianity to various parts of the world.
There are Coptic Orthodox Churches worldwide in Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand, England, France, Germany, Italy, Austria, Belgium, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Greece, Brazil, Bolivia and other nations.
Pope Urban I
It had been believed that he was buried in the 'Coemetarium Praetextati' where a tomb was inscribed with his name. 
De Rossi therefore concluded that the Urban buried in the Coemetarium Praetextati was another bishop and Pope Urban was located in St. Callistus' Catacomb.
While many historians accept this belief doubt remains. 
Therefore it is possible that Pope Urban is indeed buried in the Coemetarium Praetextati. 
Pope Sergius IV
The power held by Sergius IV was often overshadowed by Crescentius III, the ruler of the city of Rome at the time.
Some historians have claimed that Sergius IV was essentially a puppet ruler for Crescentius III. 
Others , however, claimed that the Pope resisted Crescentius III's power. 
There is some evidence that Sergius IV gave political backing to an anti-Crescentius faction in the city. 
Pope Pius XII
For example, Pinchas Lapide, a Jewish theologian and Israeli diplomat to Milan in the 1960s, estimated controversially in 'Three Popes and the Jews' that Pius "was instrumental in saving at least 700,000 but probably as many as 860,000 Jews from certain death at Nazi hands." 
some historians have questioned this oft-cited number, which Lapide reached by "deducting all reasonable claims of rescue" by non-Catholics from the total number of European Jews surviving the Holocaust. 
Catholic scholar Kevin Madigan interprets this and other praise from prominent Jewish leaders, including Golda Meir, as less than sincere, an attempt to secure Vatican recognition of the State of Israel.
Pope Pius XII
Cornwell's work was the first to have access to testimonies from Pius's beatification process as well as to many documents from Pacelli's nunciature which had just been opened under the seventy-five year rule by the Vatican State Secretary archives.
Much praise of Cornwell centered around his disputed claim that he was a practising Catholic who had attempted to absolve Pius with his work.
While works such as Susan Zuccotti's 'Under His Very Windows: The Vatican and the Holocaust in Italy' (2000) and Michael Phayer's 'The Catholic Church and the Holocaust, 1930–1965' (2000) are critical of both Cornwell and Pius XII, Ronald J. Rychlak's 'Hitler, the War and the Pope' is critical as well but defends Pius XII in light of his access to most recent documents.
Cornwell's scholarship has been criticized.
For example, Kenneth L. Woodward stated in his review in 'Newsweek' that "errors of fact and ignorance of context appear on almost every page."
Pope Pius IX
The Pope went several times to the balcony to give his blessing. 
Following this the Quirinal was covered by canon fire, which caused several deaths. 
The very last papal shot at the Porta Pia was fired by an Jesuit Austrian alumnus of the Stella Matutina (Jesuit School)
Pius IX was lampooned by reference to the Italian version of his name ('Pio Nono'), as 'Pio No No'.
His occasional mood changes and emotional outbursts have been interpreted as symptoms of his epilepsy.
One enduring popular touch lies in Pius IX's artistic legacy as author of the Italian-language lyrics of Italy's best known indigenous Christmas carol, 'Tu scendi dalle stelle' ("From starry skies descended"), originally a Neapolitan language song written by Saint Alphonsus Liguori.
During his stay at the Kingdom of Two Sicilies, on 8 September 1849, Pope Pius IX had the experience of a train trip from Portici to Pagani, so he became enthusiastic about this modern invention.
The houses along the streets were illuminated with torches, and people threw flowers from the window on the horse-drawn carriage.
Pope Pius IX
Pius IX was a patron of the arts like most of his predecessors.
The two theatres in Rome were popular in part because he exempted them from any papal censorship.
He generously supported all expressions of art, architecture, painting,sculpture,music, goldsmiths, coppersmiths and more, and handed out numerous rewards to its representatives.
Much of his efforts were oriented to the Roman Churches but also in the Papal States, many of which were renovated and improved. 
Saint Peter's Basilica got numerous improvements including the existing marble floors, and the two statues of the Apostle Peter and Apostle Paul at the Plaza.
Pope Pius IX
His rule was considered secular and as such he was occasionally accorded the title "king". 
One of the most fervent contemporary critic of his infallibility dogma, Ignaz Döllinger, considered the 'political regime' of the pope in the Papal States 'as wise, well-intentioned, mild-natured, frugal and open for innovations.' 
In the period before the 1848 revolution, Pius IX was a most ardent reformer.
After the revolution however, his political reforms and constitutional improvements were considered minimalists, remaining largely within the framework of the 1850 laws mentioned above
Pope Pius IX
He celebrated several jubilees such as the 300th anniversary of the Council of Trent, and his own Golden Jubilee in 1868.
The Italian government, intervening in Church affairs, had outlawed in 1870 a number of popular pilgrimages.
At the 50th anniversary of his Episcopal consecration, people from all parts of the world came to see the old pontiff from 30 April 1877 to 15 June 1877.
The Pope was a bit shy on himself, but he valued initiative within the Church and created several new titles, rewards and orders to elevate those, who in his view deserved merit for their Church engagement. 
Pope Pius II
Pius II was a versatile and voluminous author, one of the best and most industrious of his period. 
His most important and longest work is his autobiography 'Commentaries' in 13 books, first published in 1584 by Cardinal Francesco Bandini Piccolomini, a distant relative.
Piccolomini altered it to some extent, removing words, phrases and whole passages that were unflattering to his relative.
Pius II was also the author of numerous erotic poems and an obscene comedy titled 'Chrysis' (such ethics were not unusual for his period).
Pope Paul VI
This encyclical was written in the wake of Vatican II, when the Catholic Church was questioning and revising many long-held practices. 
Priestly celibacy is considered a discipline rather than dogma, and some at the time had expected that it might be relaxed. 
The encyclical Sacerdotalis Caelibatus from 24 June 1967, confirms the traditional Church teaching, that celibacy is an ideal state and continues to be mandatory for Roman Catholic priests.
However, during his pontificate Paul VI was considered generous in permitting bishops to grant laicization of priests who wanted to leave the sacerdotal state, a position which was drastically reversed by John Paul II in 1980 and cemented in the 1983 Canon Law that only the pope himself can in exceptional circumstances grant laicization.
Pope Leo XIII
Leo XIII worked to encourage understanding between the Church and the modern world, though he preferred a cautious view on freedom of thought, stating that "is quite unlawful to demand, defend, or to grant unconditional freedom of thought, or speech, of writing or worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man" Leo's social teachings are based on the Catholic premise, that God is the Creator of the world and its Ruler.
He opposed notions of marriage as a commercial contract, divorce, and education without religion, a State without God.
He rejected some forms of egalitarianism: "People differ in capacity, skill, health, strength; and unequal fortune is a necessary result of unequal condition.
All men are equal in regard to their common origin and nature, or the last end which each one has to attain, or the rights and duties which are thence derived.
Leo XIII predicts that if state authorities do not heed these eternal truths, if they permit "the fear of God and reverence for divine laws being taken away", overthrow of the existing order and of the authorities themselves will occur.
Attempts are under way, he claims, by communists, socialists and Freemasons.
But, whoever strive against the order which Divine Providence has constituted pay usually the penalty of their pride, and meet with affliction and misery where they rashly hoped to find all things prosperous and in conformity with their desires.
Obedience to God is a teaching which supports civil authorities, because Church teaching about the divine origin of authority civil authority, and fosters obedience to it.
Pope Julius II
Despite an illegitimate daughter, rumors also surrounded Julius about his sexuality.
Casting himself in the role of a warrior, inevitably created enemies for Julius - many of whom accused him of being a sodomite. 
This was almost certainly done in order to discredit him but perhaps , in doing so, accusers were attacking a perceived weak point in their adversary's character. 
Venetians - who were opposed to the pope's new militarstic policy - were amongst the most vocal. 
Pope John Paul II
He was one of the most-travelled world leaders in history, visiting 129 countries during his pontificate.
He was fluent in many languages: his native Polish as well as Italian, French, German, English, Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Croatian, Ancient Greek and Latin.
As part of his special emphasis on the universal call to holiness, he beatified 1,340 people and canonised 483 Saints, more than the combined tally of his predecessors during the last five centuries.'
Whether John Paul II canonised more saints than all previous popes put together is difficult to prove , as the records of many early canonisations are incomplete, missing, or inaccurate.' 
Pope Benedict XVI and Islam
On July 21, 2006, Pope Benedict XVI that he does not plan to intervene diplomatically in the Middle East fighting, but called on people of all religions to join Sunday's worldwide day of prayers for peace.
"I think it is best to leave that to the diplomats, because we don't enter politics.
Our goal is simply peace, and we will do everything to help attain peace," Benedict told reporters as he returned from an hour-long hike in the Italian Alps.
The pope has set aside Sunday as a worldwide day of prayers for peace, hoping the prayers will bring a halt to the fighting.
We will help with our prayers and with the people we have in... in Lebanon".
Pope Benedict XII
He spent most of his time working on questions of theology.
He rejected many of the ideas developed by John XXII. 
Though some claim that he campaigned against the Immaculate Conception, this is far from clear. 
He engaged in long theological debates with other noted figures of the age such as William of Ockham and Meister Eckhart.
Pope Alexander VI
A danger now arose in the shape of a conspiracy on the part of the deposed despots, the Orsini, and of some of Cesare's own condottieri.
His goods were confiscated, his aged mother turned into the street and many other members of the clan in Rome were arrested, while Giuffre Borgia led an expedition into the Campagna and seized their castles.
Thus the two great houses of Orsini and Colonna, who had long fought for predominance in Rome and often flouted the Pope's authority, were subjugated and the Borgias' power increased.
Cesare then returned to Rome, where his father asked him to assist Giuffre in reducing the last Orsini strongholds; this for some reason he was unwilling to do, much to Alexander VI's annoyance; but he eventually marched out, captured Ceri and made peace with Giulio Orsini, who surrendered Bracciano.
PopMart Tour
The link-ups were arranged by aid worker Bill Carter, who interviewed ordinary people about their experiences of the ongoing War in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Sarajevo show had to wait until the PopMart Tour, when U2 became the first major band to perform in the city after the war had ended.
The highly emotional concert was among the highlights of the PopMart Tour.
50,000 people attended and effort was made to make sure all the ethnic groups were present.
Also in attendance were several hundred members of the international "Stabilisation Force" (SFOR) who were tasked at that time with upholding the Dayton Agreement.
Pop-up ad
Certain types of downloaded content, such as images, free music, and others, can cause pop ups, especially pornographic sites' pop ups.
However, some will reload the page, causing loss of any information that had been entered.
On many internet browsers , holding down the ctrl key while clicking a link will allow it to bypass the popup filter. 
Clicking (even accidentally) on one pop-up may lead to other pop-up ads opening, especially pornographic pop-ups.
Pop-up ad
As pop-up ads became widespread, many users learned to immediately close the popup ads that appeared over a site without looking at them.
Pop-under ads do not immediately impede a user's ability to view the site content, and thus usually remain unnoticed until the main browser window is closed, leaving the user's attention free for the advertisement.
Pop-under ads were first introduced by ExitExchange corporation in 1999.
After years of controversy and numerous articles on the pop-under patent (see references), the patent was awarded by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in April and June of 2008.
Although the pop-under ad is ubiquitous with annoying methodologies it still is used by major publishers such as CNN.com and Wall Street Journal.
Pop rock
As with many musical genres, what constitutes "pop rock" is subjective.
As such, music critics and journalists have differing opinions on which category a band should be placed in. 
'Billboard' magazine provides one perspective on how to categorize "pop rock" groups from the 1970s to the 2000s.
Other perspectives from other magazines and individual music journalists and critics are also provided. 
Pop Idol
The Saturday night primetime show initially followed the audition process, as hopefuls sang before four judges (record producer and music executive Pete Waterman, music executive and music manager Simon Cowell, music promoter and music manager Nicki Chapman and Radio DJ and television personality Neil "Dr" Fox) at various locations around the UK.
Besides the successful auditionees, the poorest "singers" were often aired due to their obvious lack of talent or presence.
Poor singers often faced harsh criticisms from the judges, especially from Simon Cowell (whose controversial rantings also made him famous on 'American Idol').
The judges' reactions to such performances often ranged from disgust to nearly open laughter; their style of judgement and attitude towards pop-star wannabes resulted in the controversial opinions of others about the show's setup, including that of Take That manager, Nigel Martin Smith.
Poor Man's Bible
Other churches have been founded by or have been associated with some person who was later canonised.
These associations are often celebrated in the decoration of the church, to encourage worshippers to emulate the piety, good works, or steadfast faith of the saint.
Sometimes saints are shown together in a sort of pictorial gallery, but the depiction of narratives is also common.
This may take the form of a single incident, such as Saint Sebastian tied to a tree and bristling with arrows or St Christopher carrying the Christ Child across the river, or the saint's life may be shown in a narrative sequence, similar to the way in which the life of Jesus is depicted.
Poondi Kumaraswamy
During the period of Jawaharlal Nehru Fellowship he created the first comprehensive 20 volume hydrological atlas of Tamil Nadu State of India including mathematical models, details of hydraulic structures, among others.
He developed also the double bounded probability density function (Kumaraswamy distribution), a probability density function suitable for physical variables that are usually bounded.
He worked also as a design and construction engineer of two major industrial works, namely, the Tiruchirappalli Boiler Plant, and the Tuticorin Harbour Project.
In addition he was involved in the hydraulic design of numerous dams, canals, and other hydraulic structures throughout South India.
Poole Harbour
Continuing anti-clockwise, now heading south are the majority of the islands within the Harbour as well as several small channels and inlets.
The majority of land in this area is heathland and there are few settlements, as opposed to western part of the Harbour.
Green Island, Furzey Island and Brownsea Island (in that order) are to the east, with Newton Bay and Brands Bay (this area has several oil wells) to the south.
This area of water is known as the South Deep.
Poole
The district is overwhelmingly populated by people of a white ethnic background, 95.98% of residents are of White British ethnicity, well above the rest of England at 86.99%.
Minority ethnic groups (including those in white ethnic groups who did not classify themselves as British) represent 4.0% of Poole’s population.
The largest religion in Poole is Christianity, at almost 74.34%, slightly above the United Kingdom average of 71.6%.
The next-largest sector is those with no religion, at almost 16.23%, also above the UK average of 15.5%.
Poole
Parkstone Grammar School was the most successful secondary school in Poole for GCSE results in 2007: 100% of pupils gained five or more GCSEs at A
to C grade including maths and English.
Canford School also achieved 100% and Poole Grammar School was the next best performing school with 98%.
Poole’s grammar schools were also the best performing for A-level results.
Poole Grammar School was the 60th most successful school/sixth form in the country in 2007: each student achieved on average 1071.4 points compared to the national average of 731.2.
Pool-type reactor
However most often 19.75% enrichment is used, falling just under the 20% level that would make it highly enriched.
Fuel elements may be plates or rods with 8.5% to 45% uranium.
Beryllium and graphite blocks or plates may be added to the core as neutron reflectors and neutron absorbing rods pierce the core for control.
General Atomics of La Jolla, CA manufactures TRIGA reactor fuel elements in France for the majority of these types of reactors around the world.
Pool of Siloam
As a freshwater reservoir, it would have been a major gathering place for ancient Jews making religious pilgrimages to the city.
The Gospel of John suggests that it was probably used as a mikvah (ritual bath), although mikvah are usually much smaller in size; if the pool were a mikvah, it would be the largest ever found, by a substantial margin, and mentioned in Byzantine works such as the 7th century 'Chronicon Paschale'; other nymphaeum built by Hadrian, such as that at Sagalassos, have a very similar appearancefor example, see. 
Although most Christian scholars date the Gospel of John to the end of the first century, dates as late as the 140s have been suggested ; the latter date range would imply that the description in the Gospel of John was written after Hadrian had built the Nymphaeum. 
Pool of Bethesda
The Johannine narrative describes the porticos as being a place in which large numbers of infirm people were waiting, (a) which corresponds well with the site's first century use as an asclepieion.
Some ancient biblical manuscripts argue that these people were waiting for the 'troubling of the water'; (b) a few such manuscripts also move the setting away from Roman rituals into something more appropriate to Judaism, by adding that an angel would occasionally stir the waters, which would then cure the first person to enter. 
Although the Vulgate does not include the 'troubling of the water' or the 'angel tradition', these were present in many of the manuscripts used by early English translations of the Bible, who therefore included it in their translations. 
Modern textual scholarship views these extra details as unreliable and unlikely to have been part of the original text; many modern translations do not include the 'troubling of the water' or the 'angel tradition', but leave the earlier numbering system, so that they skip from verse '3a' straight to verse '5'.
Pontifical High Mass
In the early Church, Mass was normally celebrated by the bishop, with other clergy.
In the Roman Rite this evolved into a form of Solemn High Mass celebrated by a bishop accompanied by a deacon, subdeacon, thurifer, acolyte(s) and other ministers, under the guidance of a priest acting as Master of Ceremonies.
Most often the specific parts assigned to deacon and subdeacon are performed by priests.
The parts to be said aloud are all chanted, except that the Prayers at the Foot of the Altar, which before the reform of Pope Pius V were said in the sacristy or during the entrance procession, were said quietly by the bishop with the deacon and the subdeacon, while the choir sang the Introit.
Pontiac's Rebellion
He marched to the Muskingum River in the Ohio Country, within striking distance of a number of native villages.
Now that treaties had been negotiated at Fort Niagara and Fort Detroit, the Ohio Natives were isolated and, with some exceptions, ready to make peace.
Guyasuta and other leaders reluctantly handed over more than 200 captives, many of whom had been adopted into Native families.
Because not all of the captives were present, the Natives were compelled to surrender hostages as a guarantee that the other captives would be returned.
Pontiac Grand Prix
The base Model J underwent a number of content changes to cut the base price by around $500 to be more competitive with other mid-sized personal luxury cars.
Those changes for the "J" included a smaller 350 CID V8 as the base powerplant and some downgrading of interior trim that included a new notchback bench seat made standard equipment and the Strato bucket seats/console moved to the "option" list.
Leather interior trim was a new extra-cost option available with the Strato bucket seats and LJ and SJ models.
Both the "LJ" and "SJ" models came standard with a 400 CID V8 that was optional on the Model J. The 455 CID V8 was optional on all models.
In celebration of Pontiac's 50th anniversary in 1976, a number of special edition Grand Prix painted gold were produced.
These models featured removable Hurst T-tops, Rally II wheels and other distinctions but were mechanically similar to the regular models.
Pontiac can Am
There have been some pervasive myths or urban legends regarding the Can Am.
It was only available in Cameo White paint, and not any other color from the factory - such as Mandarin Orange or Carousel Red.
This rumor continues, despite the facts being well documented via discussions with Jim Wangers, the motivating force behind Motortown.
Road tests commonly quoted the Can Am as having a Pontiac 400, along with a 2.41 rear gear ratio.
However, one Can Am has been restored and modified with a conversion to a Super T10 manual transmission using all-GM factory parts, from various years of the 73-77 GM A-body.
Pong
Bushnell decided to inform each of the two groups that the other was not interested—Bushnell told the Bally executives that the Midway executives did not want it and vice versa—to preserve the relationships for future dealings.
Upon hearing this, the two groups declined Bushnell's offer.
The first arcade cabinets produced were assembled very slowly, about ten machines a day, many of which failed quality testing.
By 1973, they began shipping 'Pong' to other countries with the aid of foreign partners.
Pond hockey
There are many Pond hockey tournaments in the United States and Canada. 
There is no skill level bias in these tournaments, everyone is eligible to sign up, however due to popular demand signing up early becomes very essential.
The tournaments have been covered by many news stations they have also been headlines on many newspapers. 
The tournaments may have rules but are still purposed for enjoyment.
Pond hockey
Organized outdoor hockey has been played many years before indoor rinks were popularized.
Then a bird came to the stranger and said, that if he were to hit the ball lightly the bird would take the ball across the line (commonly known as a goal).
Shinny was not just a part of Navajo culture it was part of many Indian stories.
Shinny was also used to praise gods, and people would play in honor of a certain god.
Shinny was played by almost all tribes, women were also allowed to play, sometimes they would even play with or against men of the tribe.
Some balls were made from a knot in a tree, some were made of whale bone, others where made of buffalo hair covered with the skin of a buck.
It is said that some tribes in North Dakota could not accept losing and would kill anyone who beat them. 
They were usually as big as the land could suffice for, they also corresponded to the number of players.
Pompeo Marchesi
The greater part of his life was spent in Milan, where for many years he was professor of sculpture at the Academy. 
He executed a large number of groups in marble and portrait busts.
For the Arco della Pace (commemorative arch now in the Parco Sempione), completed in 1838, he made various reliefs including of Terpsichore and Venus Urania, and of the rivers Adige and Tagliamento.
One of his best-known compositions is the group of the "Mater Dolorosa", in the church of San Carlo, at which he worked for many years. 
Pomesanians
In 1243, the Bishopric of Pomesania and the other three dioceses (Bishopric of Samland, Ermland, and Bishopric of Culm) were put under the jurisdiction of the Archbishop of Riga by papal legate William of Modena.
Pomesanians joined the other Prussian clans during the First Prussian Uprising (1242–1249), but was the only clan not to participate in the Great Prussian Uprising (1260–1274).
As the westernmost Prussian territory, it was the most exposed clan to German colonists and their culture.
They assimilated and became extinct a bit faster than the other Prussians.
Pomegranate
Pomegranates are a motif often found in Christian religious decoration.
They are often woven into the fabric of vestments and liturgical hangings or wrought in metalwork.
Pomegranates figure in many religious paintings by the likes of Sandro Botticelli and Leonardo da Vinci, often in the hands of the Virgin Mary or the infant Jesus.
In the Eastern Orthodox Church, pomegranate seeds may be used in kolyva, a dish prepared for memorial services, as a symbol of the sweetness of the heavenly kingdom.
Pomegranate
It is the official logo of many cities in Turkey. 
Although not native to China, Korea or Japan, the pomegranate is widely grown there and many cultivars have been developed. 
It is widely used for bonsai because of its flowers and for the unusual twisted bark that older specimens can attain. 
Balaustines, the red rose-like flowers of the pomegranate, taste bitter and may be used as an astringent in folk medicine.
Pomade
Most pomades contain petroleum jelly (in fact, petroleum jelly can be used alone as a pomade) and mineral oil, and many also contain some sort of wax. 
They may be anhydrous or emulsified with an aqueous carrier, which makes them easier to remove.
They may also contain perfume and coloring agents.
The stiffest will have a higher proportion of beeswax while the lightest may have a higher proportion of oils.
Pom-pon
Cheerleading pom-pons come in a variety of shapes, styles, colors, color combinations and sizes.
Of particular note is the emerging variation in handles used by many manufacturers. 
Metallic (shiny) poms have become very popular in recent years, as have more cost-effective look-alike poms that are often given to spectators at sporting events.
These spectator poms are often called Rooter or Spirit poms.
Polywell
The polywell differs from the fusor in that the electrons are magnetically confined, so that it is also related to magnetic confinement fusion, most closely to magnetic mirrors.
In common with magnetic mirrors is the field minimum in the central region, the confinement (in part) by the mirror effect, and (at least to some extent) a non-thermal distribution of the electron energies.
In some mirror configurations , the field in the center is a minimum in every direction, as it is in the central region of a polywell. 
The magnetic field in such a case is said to have "good curvature" because a certain class of fluctuations are stable in a plasma contained by such a field.
Polytrichum commune
While mosses are considered non-vascular plants, 'Polytrichum commune' shows clear differentiation of water conducting tissue.
The other tissue is called 'leptom', which surround the hadrom and contains smaller cells.
This tissue is, on the other hand, analogous to phloem.
When these two tissue types are taken into account along with the species' exceptional height, it becomes clear that common haircap moss is quite a unique moss considering that the majority of species show little differentiation of conducting tissue and are restricted to much smaller stem lengths.
Polytheistic reconstructionism
Historically folk religion was often suppressed by religious institutions or totalitarian regimes.
When these regimes weaken or dissolve, often the populace will reinstitute their folk traditions, customs and languages as a form of cultural pride or nationalism.
In some places where the dominant religion has had a legally enforced monopoly for centuries, the influx of folk religions is viewed as competition. 
This is most clearly illustrated by the ongoing discrimination against Greeks who practice their indigenous religion.
Some right-wing European intellectuals, such as Alain de Benoist in France, have called for a restoration of polytheism in opposition to Christianity, which they see as internationally-minded, inclusive, and decadent.
Polytechnic Institute of New York University
The Polytechnic Anime Society consists of students who enjoy gaming, 'anime', 'manga', and other aspects of both popular culture and Japanese culture.
Besides hosting weekly anime showings and gaming sessions in the university, PAS also hosts and participates in various outside events.
Members can often be found in costume attending conventions and parades.
Average attendance per year is usually around 200, with tournaments, panels, and anime showings running throughout the day.
Polystrate fossil
Geologists have recognized innumerable fossil soils (paleosols) throughout the strata containing polystrate fossils at Joggins, Nova Scotia, Yellowstone petrified forests, coal mines of the Black Warrior Basin of Alabama, and many other locations. 
The layer immediately underlying coal seams, often called either "seatearth or underclay", typically either consists of or contains a paleosol.
These paleosols are identified on the basis of the presence of structures and microstructures unique to soils; animal burrows and molds of plant roots of various sizes and types; recognizable soil profile development; and alteration of minerals by soil processes.
In many cases , these paleosols are virtually identical to modern soils. 
Polyspermy
Electrical polyspermy blocks operate in many animal species, including frogs, clams, and marine worms, but not in the several mammals that have been studied (hamster, rabbit, mouse).
In species without an electrical block, polyspermy is usually prevented by secretion of materials that establish a mechanical barrier to polyspermy.
It is thought that electrical blocks evolved in those species where a very fast block to polyspermy is needed, due to the presence of many sperm arriving simultaneously at the egg surface, as occurs in animals such as sea urchins. 
In sea urchins, fertilization occurs externally in the ocean, such that hundreds of sperm can encounter the egg within several seconds.
Polyploidy
Triploidy may be the result of either digyny (the extra haploid set is from the mother) or diandry (the extra haploid set is from the father).
Diandry is almost always caused by the fertilization of an egg by two sperm (dispermy).
Digyny is most commonly caused by either failure of one meiotic division during oogenesis leading to a diploid oocyte or failure to extrude one polar body from the oocyte.
However, among early miscarriages, digyny is also more common in those cases 8.5 weeks gestational age or those in which an embryo is present.
Polyphosphate-accumulating organisms
PAOs accomplish this removal of phosphate by accumulating it within their cells as polyphosphate.
PAOs are by no means the only bacteria that can accumulate polyphosphate within their cells and in fact, the production of polyphosphate is a widespread ability among bacteria.
However, the PAOs have many characteristics that other organisms that accumulate polyphosphate do not have, that make them amenable to use in wastewater treatment. 
Most other bacteria cannot consume under these conditions and therefore PAOs gain a selective advantage within the mixed microbial community present in the activated sludge.
Therefore, wastewater treatment plants that operate for enhanced biological phosphorus removal have an anaerobic tank (where there is no nitrate or oxygen present as external electron acceptor) prior to the other tanks to give PAOs preferential access to the simple carbon compounds in the wastewater that is influent to the plant.
Polyphosphate
Previously, it was considered either as “molecular fossil” or as only a phosphorus and energy source providing the survival of microorganisms under extreme conditions. 
These compounds now known to also have regulatory roles and to occur in representatives of all kingdoms of living organisms, participating in metabolic correction and control on both genetic and enzymatic levels.
They participate in many regulatory mechanisms occurring in bacteria: 
They participate in the induction of rpoS, an RNA-polymerase subunit which is responsible for the expression of a large group of genes involved in adjustments to the stationary growth phase and many stressful agents. 
The above channels formed by polyphosphate and poly-b-hydroxybutyrate with Ca2+ are involved in the transport processes in a variety of organisms.
Polyphosphates are present in animal cells, and there are many data on its participation in the regulatory processes during development and cellular proliferation and differentiation-especially in bone tissues and brain. 
Polyphenyl ether
Because of this, this PPE and the other PPEs do not effectively wet metal surfaces.
This property is useful when migration of a lubricant from one part of the equipment to another part must be avoided, such as in certain electronic devices. 
As a result, contamination of other components and equipment, which do not require a lubricant, is avoided.
The devices that benefit from the specialized properties of PPEs include cell phones, printers and a variety of other electronic appliances.
Polyp (medicine)
They may have a large flat base (sessile) or be attached to the uterus by an elongated pedicle (pedunculated).
Pedunculated polyps are more common that sessile ones.
They range in size from a few millimeters to several centimeters.
Small blood vessels may be present in polyps, particularly large ones.
Polyommatus singalensis
Race 'singalensis', Felder.—
Male Upperside: purplish blue with in certain lights a refulgent silvery iridescence, most conspicuous along the costa of the fore wing, fore and hind wings : a very narrow black edging to the terminal margins narrower on the hind wing than on the fore wing, not dilated towards the apex of the latter.
Fore wing: the postdiscal series of abbreviated lines or elongate spots pale brown, very regular, placed almost end to end, the series slightly curved and not closer lo the termen posteriorly than anteriorly.
Hind wing: the markings pale brown, regular but small, the subbasal transverse series of three spots and the subcostal spot in interspace 7 black, the latter not larger than the others.
Both fore and hind wings: with the spots of the subterminal series very small, mere black dots; the inner subterminal series of markings lunular and generally somewhat blurred, the posterior lunules on the fore wing distinctly broadened as in the typical form but not so prominently; finally, the anticiliary black line very slender and clearly defined.
Polyol
Monomeric polyols such as pentaerythritol, ethylene glycol and glycerin often serve as the starting point for polymeric polyols.
These materials are often referred to as the "initiators" for the polymeric polyols, but they should not be confused with free radical "initiators" used to promote other polymerization reactions. 
The functional group used as the starting point for a polymeric polyol need not be a hydroxyl group; there are a number of important polyols which are built up from amines.
A primary amino group (-NH2) often functions as the starting point for two polymeric chains, especially in the case of polyether polyols.
Polymoog
Most noticeably, the right-hand control panel is absent, while the left-hand panel is sparsely populated by just a few sliders, thus giving the user much less control over the sounds.
Control over these presets is limited to octave balance, envelope attack, and LFO modulation depth and rate (interestingly, adjustment of these LFO parameters is limited or unavailable on some presets, the factory not wishing the user to make adjustments which would be unrealistic!).
The lower two octaves may also be split off to play a separate bass tone, with some control over this tone allowed via a dedicated 'bass filter'.
Filter control of the main preset sounds is not user adjustable other than via an external controller.
Polymer
Laboratory synthetic methods are generally divided into two categories, step-growth polymerization and chain-growth polymerization.
The essential difference between the two is that in chain growth polymerization, monomers are added to the chain one at a time only, whereas in step-growth polymerization chains of monomers may combine with one another directly.
However, some newer methods such as plasma polymerization do not fit neatly into either category. 
Synthetic polymerization reactions may be carried out with or without a catalyst.
Polymer
A common means of expressing the length of a chain is the degree of polymerization, which quanitifies the number of monomers incorporated into the chain.
As with other molecules, a polymer's size may also be expressed in terms of molecular weight.
Since synthetic polymerization techniques typically yield a polymer product including a range of molecular weights, the weight is often expressed statistically to describe the distribution of chain lengths present in the same.
The ratio of these two values is the polydispersity index, commonly used to express the "width" of the molecular weight distribution.
Polykastro
A lot of people left the area to live in the mountains.
Many farm workers came from other places of Ottoman empire, in order to work, because many locals refused to work in Ottoman owned farms.
It is remarkable that in the villages Evzoni and Korona, people used to speak a Vlach-Slavic dialect with a great amount of ancient Greek components, called Megleno-Romanian.
Researcher Maria Papageorgiou claims that a lot of plays of ancient Greek tragic poets, not preserved nowadays, were kept verbally, in this dialect, as tales.
Polygraph
The idea that lying produces physical side-effects has long been claimed. 
In West Africa persons suspected of a crime were made to pass a bird's egg to one another.
If a person broke the egg, then he or she was considered guilty, based on the idea that their nervousness was to blame.
Because salivation was believed to cease at times of emotional anxiety, the person was considered guilty if by the end of that speech the rice was dry.
Polygonal rifling
Part of the difference may be that most polygonal rifling is produced by hammer forging the barrel around a mandrel containing a reverse impression of the rifling.
Hammer forging machines are tremendously expensive, far out of the reach of custom gunsmiths (unless they buy pre-rifled blanks), and so are generally only used for production barrels by large companies.
First applied to gun barrel rifling in Germany in 1939, hammer forging has remained popular in Europe, but was only later used by gunmakers in the United States.
The hammer forging process produces large amounts of stress in the barrel that must be relieved by careful heat treatment, a process that is less necessary in a traditionally cut or button rifled barrel.
Polygamy
In Sri Lanka, polyandry was practiced (though not widespread) till recent times.
When the Buddhist texts were translated into Chinese, the concubines of others were added to the list of inappropriate partners.
In Tibet as well, both polygyny and polyandry were commonly practiced.
Having several wives or several husbands was never regarded as having sex with inappropriate partners.
Polyelectrolyte
Polyelectrolytes which bear both cationic and anionic repeat groups are called 'polyampholytes'.
The competition between the acid-base equilibria of these groups leads to additional complications in their physical behavior.
These polymers usually only dissolve when there is sufficient added salt, which screens the interactions between oppositely charged segments.
Many proteins are polyampholytes, as some amino acids tend to be acidic while others are basic. 
Polydactyl cat
The true polydactyly - commonly called 'mitten foot', 'mitten cat' or 'thumb cat' condition - is a congenital abnormality, genetically inherited as an autosomal dominant trait of the 'Pd gene' with incomplete penetrance.
This type of polydactyly is not life-threatening and usually not even debilitating to a cat.
However in some cases polydactyly appears to improve the dexterity of the animal.
For example, a common variation with six toes on the front paws, with two opposing digits on each (comparable in use to human thumbs), enables the cat to learn and perform feats of manual dexterity generally not observed in non-polydactyl cats, such as opening latches or catching objects with a single paw.
Polycythemia vera
Patients with polycythemia vera may often be asymptomatic.
Physical exam findings are non-specific, but may include enlarged liver or spleen, plethora, or gouty nodules.
The diagnosis is often suspected on the basis of laboratory tests.
Common findings include an elevated hemoglobin level or hematocrit, reflecting the increased number of red blood cells; the platelet count or white blood cell count may also be increased.
Polycystic ovary syndrome
basal body temperatures may be used to confirm ovulation.
Ovulation may also be confirmed by testing for serum progesterone in mid-luteal phase, approximately seven days after ovulation (if ovulation occurred on the average cycle day of fourteen, seven days later would be cycle day 21).
A mid-luteal phase progesterone test may also be used to diagnose luteal phase defect.
Methods that confirm ovulation may be used to evaluate the effectiveness of treatments to stimulate ovulation.
Polycystic ovary syndrome
For those who do, anovulation is a common cause.
Ovulation may be predicted by the use of urine tests that detect the preovulatory LH surge, called ovulation predictor kits (OPKs).
Charting of cervical mucus may also be used to predict ovulation, or certain fertility monitors (those that track urinary hormones or changes in saliva) may be used.
Methods that predict ovulation may be used to time intercourse or insemination appropriately.
Polycystic ovary syndrome
But in the largest trial to date, comparing clomiphene with metformin, clomiphene alone was the most effective.
In this trial, 626 women were randomized to three groups: metformin alone, clomiphene alone, or both.
The live-birth rates following 6 months of treatment were 7.2% (metformin), 22.5% (clomiphene), and 26.8% (both).
The major complication of clomiphene was multiple pregnancy, affecting 0%, 6% and 3.1% of women respectively.
Thus, these were women with significant fertility problems, and the live-birth rates are probably not representative of the typical PCOS woman. 
Polychrotidae
Although the lizards are small, their territories are usually quite big: around three square yards, females' usually smaller.
Their territories often contain a basking area, a shady area, a high lookout, and always a place to hide from predators.
They do not take kindly to other anoles in their territory.
If this does not scare off the intruder, a fight proceeds in which the two anoles bite at each other's necks.
Polychaete
There is usually a well-developed, if simple, circulatory system.
The blood vessels themselves are contractile, helping to push the blood along, so most species have no need of a heart. 
In a few cases, however, muscular pumps analogous to a heart are found in various parts of the system.
Conversely, some species have little or no circulatory system at all, transporting oxygen in the coelomic fluid that fills their body cavity. 
Polyandry
Polyandry in primates and other mammals is usually correlated with reduced or reverse sexual dimorphism - females larger than males.
When males of a species are much larger than females, polygyny is usually practiced.
As size difference decreases, or the females are larger than males, a species is more likely to practice monogamy or polyandry.
Human males and females are less dismorphic in body size than other polygynous great apes.
Polyamory
If marriage is intended, most countries provide for both a religious marriage, and a civil ceremony (sometimes combined).
While a recent case in the Netherlands was commonly read as demonstrating that the Netherlands permitted multiple-partner civil unions, by Paul Belien, Brussels Journal Online, this belief is mistaken.
The Netherlands' law concerning registered partnerships provides that:#A person may be involved in one only registered partnership with one other person whether of the same or of opposite sex at any one time.
#Persons who enter into a registered partnership may not at the same time be married.
Polyamory
Another is the image of a parrot, since "Polly" is a common name for these birds.
PolyOz states in its that "The parrot is a common poly "mascot" or symbol.
Punning on 'poly wanna X'".PolyOz states in its that "The parrot is a common poly "mascot" or symbol.
A 2003 in 'The Guardian' states "Today America has more than 100 poly email lists and support groups.
Polyaenus
There are no less than five Byzantine abridgments of this work, the most important in the same library of the original, the Laurentian.
This compendium, titled Y?o?????? ?? ??? ??????????? ???????, contains fifty-eight chapters and three hundred fifty-four stratagems and is useful to elucidate and explain many passages of the original, lost or not.
Despite the existence of the abridgements, Polyaenus' treatise was not popular in the Middle Ages.
To this it must be added that only the Y?o?????? derives directly from the original, while the other four versions seem to be summaries of the first.
Poly (methyl methacrylate)
Acrylic paint essentially consists of PMMA suspended in water; however since PMMA is hydrophobic, a substance with both hydrophobic and hydrophilic groups needs to be added to facilitate the suspension.
Modern furniture makers, especially in the 1960s and 1970s, seeking to give their products a space age aesthetic, incorporated Lucite and other PMMA products into their designs, especially office chairs.
Many other products (for example, guitars) are sometimes made with acrylic glass to make the commonly opaque objects translucent. 
From approximately the 1960s onward, sculptors and glass artists began using acrylics, especially taking advantage of the material's flexibility, light weight, cost and its capacity to refract and filter light.
Polo wraps
Polos can be used for a horse who cannot wear boots (for example, a horse may be sensitive to neoprene, or have minor cuts on his leg that would be rubbed if a boot were worn).
Polo wraps are often chosen for a horse whose legs are blemished with significant scar tissue that would prevent a boot from fitting properly.
Unlike boots, polos conform perfectly to any leg, and may also be used on horses and ponies of any size, depending on the length.
Lastly, polos usually cover a greater area of the leg than boots, and if the groom is experienced, may be customized to provide slightly more protection in one area of the leg.
Polo wraps
No matter how the wrap is applied, the tension in the wrap should be as uniform as possible across the entire leg.
Uneven pressure may cause damage to tendons.
Additionally, the pressure on one leg should be comparable to the pressure on leg on the other side; otherwise gait abnormalities may result.
Conventional wisdom holds that because no two people wrap with exactly the same tension, the same person should wrap the right and left legs. 
Pollywood
Future of the Pashto film industry seems to be bright as there are still some people who want to do something for the betterment of the industry. 
In 1999 he made a film, ‘Srre Sttergae’(red eyes) and through this film he proved that still there is a great potential in Pashto films as the story for the first time after many years was quite different and the cast, especially the heroine(s) were new and seemed that after a great hard work the film was completed.
A few months back, another Pashto film, ‘Qalam au Kalashnikov’, written by Faiz Mohammad released.
The standard was quite good and people liked the movie. 
This is to correct the record pertaining the pashto film Kala khazan kala bahar ,its hero was Hmayun qureshi and Not Aman.
Pollution at Morgan's Point (Bermuda)
Should the oil and fuel escape from their caves, the Ministry of Environment deems it probable that the underground freshwater lens would be contaminated and undrinkable.
The destruction of the two West-End lenses would cut the supplemental pumped supply by 2/5, creating catastrophic water shortages in the summer months, and forcing both severe water conservation programs and investment in another source of fresh water to meet the highly inelastic demand.
The only foreseen alternative is a desalination or reverse osmosis plant, the most efficient of which can provide fresh water at $2000 per acre foot ($1.60/kL).
However, when one considers that the price of energy in Bermuda is 6.3 times as high as it is in the USA (a function of Bermuda having no domestic energy source), that there is no natural resource or heavy industry to provide supplemental heat, and that with a population of only 65,000 the plant could not utilize economies of scale, it seems probable that costs could exceed $25,000 per acre foot (7.5 cents per gallon) 
Pollination syndrome
Pollinators fluctuate in abundance and activity independently of their plants, and any one species may fail to pollinate a plant in a particular year.
Thus a plant may be at an advantage if it attracts several species or types of pollinators, ensuring pollen transfer every year.
Plants do, in many species, have the back-up option of self-pollination, if they are not self-incompatible.
Pollination management
This may be because of lack of attractiveness of the blossoms, or from trying to pollinate with an alternative when the native pollinator is extinct or rare.
This technique is known as saturation pollination.
In many such cases, various native bees are vastly more efficient at pollination (e.g., with blueberries).
In a very few cases, it has been possible to develop commercially viable pollination techniques that use the more efficient pollinators, rather than continued reliance on honey bees, as in the management of the alfalfa leafcutter bee.
Polka in the United States of America
German-American bands resist being termed "polka bands" because they perform not only polkas but also waltzes, schottisches, laendlers, and various other ethnic forms of music.
This is a contrast to Polish-American and Slovenian-American bands, which generally do not object to the term "polka band". 
The German-American sound is often described with the term "oom-pa-pa" and is characterized by an emphasis on brass (especially the tuba), accompanied by drums and reed instruments (including the accordion or concertina).
He later added more popular music to his band's repertoire, which enabled him to spread the polka throughout America by way of his famous television show.
Polka Dot Door
In its mended, yellow and multi-coloured polka-dot muumuu, the creature spoke using various repeated exclamations of its own named accompanied by elaborate gestures.
This was usually followed by a song whose lyrics began "Imagine, imagine, you can imagine Polkaroo...".
Polkaroo appeared only to the female host while the male host was absent for some reason.
The absent male host was in fact the actor in the Polkaroo costume, and though some sources have claimed that an uncredited third actor played the role, that was not the case. 
Politics of the United Kingdom
The Government of the United Kingdom contains a number of ministries known mainly, though not exclusively as departments, e.g. Ministry of Defence.
These are politically led by a Government Minister who is often a Secretary of State and member of the Cabinet.
He or she may also be supported by a number of junior Ministers.
In practice, several government departments and Ministers have responsibilities that cover England alone, with devolved bodies having responsibility for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, (for example - the Department of Health), or responsibilities that mainly focus on England (such as the Department for Children, Schools and Families).
Politics of the Republic of China
Taiwan’s sovereignty belongs to the 23 million people of Taiwan.
Only the 23 million people of Taiwan may decide on the future of Taiwan”.
It is also a common position shared by both the ruling and opposition parties in Taiwan.
A recent opinion poll shows that more than 90% of the people of Taiwan agree with this position."
Politics of the People's Republic of China
As such, independence groups and many foreign observers are critical of the PRC's ethnic policies, considering reality to be markedly different from the image presented by the PRC. 
Before market reforms, many of these were workers, soldiers, and prisoners assigned compulsorily to settle in those regions, carried out by organizations like the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps.
Finally, cadres and professionals have also been enticed with financial incentives, though demographically speaking this category is comparatively insignificant numbering in the thousands the cadres involved are posted for a few years before being replaced and such programs are focused upon the entire impoverished western half of China, not just Xinjiang and Tibet.
Independence groups consider practices such these to be chauvinistic and colonialistic, aimed at homogenising the demographics of non-Han Chinese areas and reducing the possibility that any independence movement could succeed.
Politics of the Netherlands
Until 1966, Dutch politics were characterised by pillarisation: society was separated in several segments (pillars) which lived separate from each other and there was only contact at the top levels, in government.
These pillars had their own organisations, most importantly the political parties.
There were four pillars, which provided the five most important parties, the socialist Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid; PvdA), the conservative-liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie; VVD), the Catholic Catholic People's Party (Katholieke Volkspartij; KVP) and the two conservative-Protestant parties, the Christian Historical Union (Chirstelijk Historische Unie; CHU) and the Anti Revolutionary Party (Anti-Revolutionaire Party; ARP).
Since no party ever gained an absolute majority, these political parties had to work together in coalition governments.
Politics of Tunisia
Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali, has consistently expressed his opposition to the presence of religious parties in parliament, and the Tunisian constitution clearly forbids the inclusion of religious parties in the political system.
While Tunisia cannot boast the natural resources its neighbors have, standards of living are among the best in the developing world.
This can be evidenced by two compelling economic observations: the level to which Tunisia has become self-sufficient in material goods, and the extent of real estate development in the cities and major towns of the country.
As to the rise of the building and construction industry, a fleeting visit to any of Tunisia's smaller towns (let alone the cities) will confirm that development is rampant: many projects, especially hotels, are newly opened, and many more stand as skeleton buildings, ready to be developed as soon as demand - and capital funds - are available to bring them to completion.
Politics of Sao Tomé and Príncipe
The president of the republic is elected to a 5-year term by direct universal suffrage and a secret ballot, and may hold up to two consecutive terms.
Candidates are chosen at their party's national conference (or individuals may run independently).
A presidential candidate must obtain an outright majority of the popular vote in either a first or second round of voting in order to be elected president.
The prime minister is named by the president but must be ratified by the majority party and thus normally comes from a list of its choosing.
Politics of Saint Kitts and Nevis
The prime minister is appointed from the representatives by the governor general, who has a constitutional duty to select someone who is likely to command the support of the majority of the representatives.
In practice this would normally mean the leader of the majority party or coalition.
The prime minister can be removed from office by the assembly, or by the governor general if he feels that the prime minister no longer enjoys the support of the majority of representatives.
The assembly is elected every five years unless the governor general dissolves it before the end of this period, which he may do on the advice of the prime minister.
Politics of Russia
Russia did not declare its independence, and Yeltsin continued to hope that some form of confederation could be established. 
In response to calls by the Central Asian and other union republics for admission, another meeting was held in Alma-Ata, on 21 December, to form an expanded CIS.
Russia gained international recognition as the principal successor to the Soviet Union, receiving the Soviet Union's permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council and positions in other international and regional organizations.
The CIS states also agreed that Russia initially would take over Soviet embassies and other properties abroad. 
Politics of Queensland
The new minority government managed to secure itself a majority in a by-election and was dominated overwhelmingly by the always-smiling self confessed "media tart" Peter Beattie.
A major controversy broke in 2001 on the eve of the election, when a number of very prominent Labor Party figures were implicated in rorting internal preselection and party ballots.
The subsequent Shepardson Commission of Inquiry was widely expected to destroy the government. 
Beattie immediately undertook a purge, taking the opportunity to dispatch several factional enemies , and promised a "cleanskin" approach. 
Politics of Noam Chomsky
Prosecutors cited the following passages as particularly offensive:”In 1984, the Turkish government launched a major war in the Southeast against the Kurdish population.
In fact it's still continuing.
If we look at US military aid to Turkey-which is usually a pretty good index of policy-Turkey was of course a strategic ally so it always had a fairly high level of military aid.
The peak year was 1997.
In fact in the single year 1997, US military aid to Turkey was greater than in the entire period of 1950 to 1983 when there were allegedly Cold War issues.
The end result was pretty awesome: tens of thousands of people killed, two to three million refugees, massive ethnic cleansing with some 3500 villages destroyed-about seven times Kosovo under NATO bombing, and there's nobody bombing in this case, except for the Turkish air forces using planes that Clinton sent to them with the certain knowledge that that's how they would be used.”
Politics of Noam Chomsky
Chomsky is deeply critical of what he calls the "corporate state capitalism" that he believes is practiced by the United States and other western states.
He supports many of Mikhail Bakunin's anarchist (or libertarian socialist) ideas. 
He has said that contrary to what many in America claim, the collapse of the Soviet Union should be regarded as "a small victory for socialism," not capitalism. 
Chomsky was also impressed with socialism as practiced in Vietnam.
In a speech given in Hanoi on April 13, 1970, and broadcast by Radio Hanoi the next day, Chomsky spoke of his "admiration for the people of Vietnam who have been able to defend themselves against the ferocious attack, and at the same time take great strides forward toward the socialist society."
Politics of Nepal
The people's participation was so broad, momentous and pervasive that the king feared being overthrown.
On 21 April 2006, King Gyanendra declared that "power would be returned to the people".
This had little effect on the people, who continued to occupy the streets of Kathmandu and other towns , openly defying the daytime curfew. 
Finally King Gyanendra announced the reinstatement the House of Representatives, thereby conceding one of the major demands of the SPA, at midnight on 24 April 2006.
Politics of Nepal
Since the advent of legal party politics after the 1990 Jana Andolan, all three streams have gone through various processes of divisions and mergers.
'Congress': The Nepali Congress is a centrist "socialist" party, comprising of leaders who have worked for restoration of democracy.
CPN(UML) became a major parliamentary force.
Today, in between CPN(UML) and CPN(Maoist) are various smaller communist groups, out of whom five have parliamentary representation.
'Royalists': When multi-party politics began, elements of the previous regime formed the Rashtriya Prajatantra Party.
The RPP became the third force in parliamentary politics during the 1990s, and an important partner in various governing coalitions, it was ridden by divisions.
Politics of Mozambique
During most of the civil war the government was unable to exercise effective control outside of urban areas, many of which were cut off from the capital. 
An estimated one million Mozambicans perished during the civil war, 1.7 million took refuge in neighboring states, and several million more were internally displaced. 
In the third FRELIMO party congress in 1983, President Samora Machel conceded the failure of socialism and the need for major political and economic reforms.
His death, along with several advisers , in a suspicious plane crash in 1986 interrupted progress. 
Politics of Madagascar
In December 2001, a presidential election was held in which both major candidates claimed victory.
Marc Ravalomanana contested the results and claimed victory.
A political crisis followed in which Ratsiraka supporters cut major transport routes from the primary port city to the capital city, a stronghold of Ravalomanana support.
Sporadic violence and considerable economic disruption continued until July 2002 when Ratsiraka and several of his prominent supporters fled to exile in France. 
Politics of Khuzestan Province
Khuzestan has been a focus of criticism by human rights groups.
While Khuzestan is not unique in terms of its human rights record, Amnesty notes that often these abuses are related to institutional discrimination.
In its report entitled 'New government fails to address dire human rights situation' published in February 2006, Amnesty states::'Even where the majority of the local population is Arab, schools are reportedly not allowed to teach through the medium of Arabic; illiteracy rates are reportedly high, especially among Iranian Arab women in rural areas... land expropriation by the Iranian authorities is reportedly so widespread that it appears to amount to a policy aimed at dispossessing Arabs of their traditional lands.
This is apparently part of a strategy aimed at the forcible relocation of Arabs to other areas while facilitating the transfer of non-Arabs into Khuzestan and is linked to economic policies such as zero interest loans which are not available to local Arabs. 
Politics of Iraq
A referendum must then be held within three months, which requires a simple majority in favour to pass.
In the event of competing proposals, the multiple proposals are put to a ballot and the proposal with the most supporters is put to the referendum.
In the event of an affirmative referendum a Transitional Legislative Assembly is elected for one year, which has the task of writing a constitution for the Region, which is then put to a referendum requiring a simple majority to pass.
The President, Prime Minister and Ministers of the region are elected by simple majority, in contrast to the Iraqi Council of Representatives which requires two thirds support.
Politics of India
India has a multi-party system, where there are a number of national as well as regional parties.
A regional party may gain a majority and rule a particular state.
If a party represents more than 4 states then such parties are considered as national parties.
The party enjoyed a parliamentary majority barring two brief periods during the 1970s and late 1980s.
Politics of Harry Potter
In September 2008, Rowling donated L1 million to the Labour Party, saying, "I believe that poor and vulnerable families will fare much better under the Labour Party than they would under a Cameron-led Conservative Party.
Gordon Brown has consistently prioritised and introduced measures that will save as many children as possible from a life lacking in opportunity or choice.
David Cameron's promise of tax perks for the married, on the other hand, is reminiscent of the Conservative government I experienced as a lone parent.
It sends the message that the Conservatives still believe a childless, dual-income, but married couple is more deserving of a financial pat on the head than those struggling, as I once was, to keep their families afloat in difficult times."
Politics of Finland
The parliament has, since equal and common suffrage was introduced in 1906, been dominated by secular Conservatives, the Centre Party (former Agrarian Union), and Social Democrats.
Nevertheless, none of these has held a single-party majority, with the notable exception of 1916 elections where Social Democrats gained 103 of the 200 seats.
After 1944 Communists were a factor to consider for a few decades, and the Finnish People's Democratic League, formed by Communists and others to the left of Social Democrats, even was the largest party after 1958 elections.
The relative strengths of the parties vary only slightly in the elections due to the proportional election from multi-member districts but there are some visible long-term trends. 
Politics of Fiji
Post-independence politics came to be dominated by Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara and the Alliance Party, which commanded the support of the traditional Fijian chiefs, along with leading elements of the European and part-European communities, and some Indo-Fijians. 
A short-lived constitutional crisis developed after the parliamentary election of March 1977, when the Indian-led National Federation Party (NFP) won a narrow majority of seats in the House of Representatives, but failed to form a government due to internal leadership problems, as well as concerns among some of its members that indigenous Fijians would not accept Indo-Fijian leadership. 
This was held in September that year, and saw Mara's Alliance Party returned with a record majority of 36 parliamentary seats out of 52.
The majority of the Alliance Party was reduced in the election of 1982, but with 28 seats out of 52, Mara retained power.
Politics of Côte d'Ivoire
Laurent Gbagbo took power following a popular overthrow of the interim leader Gen. Robert Guéi who had claimed a dubious victory in presidential elections; Gen. Guéi himself had assumed power on 25 December 1999, following a military coup against the government of former President Henri Konan Bédié.
Gbagbo was elected president in 2000 in an election boycotted bt many oppositional forces. 
The president is elected by popular vote for a five-year term; election last held 26 October 2000.
The prime minister is usually appointed by the president.
Politics of Canada
Western alienation is another national-unity-related concept that enters into Canadian politics.
Residents of the four western provinces, particularly Alberta, have often been unhappy with a lack of influence and a perceived lack of understanding when residents of Central Canada consider "national" issues.
While this is seen to play itself out through many avenues (media, commerce, etc.), in politics, it has given rise to a number of political parties whose base constituency is in western Canada.
These include the United Farmers of Alberta, who first won federal seats in 1917, the Progressives (1921), the Social Credit Party (1935), the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (1935), the Reconstruction Party (1935), New Democracy (1940) and most recently the Reform Party (1989).
Politics of Cambodia
From September 24 1993 through October 7 2004, Norodom Sihanouk reigned as King, after having previously served in a number of offices (including King) since 1941.
Under the Constitution, the King has no political power, but as Norodom Sihanouk was revered in the country, his word often carried much influence in the government.
The King, often irritated over the conflicts in his government, several times threatened to abdicate unless the political factions in the government got along.
This influence of the King was often used to help mediate differences in government.
Political views of Subhash Chandra Bose
He criticized the British during World War II, saying that while Britain was allegedly fighting for the freedom of the European nations under Nazi control, it would not grant independence to its own colonies, including India.
It may be observed that along with Nehru, Bose had organized and led protest marches against the Japanese invasion of Manchuria in 1931, and of China itself in 1938, when he was Congress president. 
In 1937 he published an article attacking Japanese Imperialism in the Far East, although he betrayed some admiration for other aspects of the Japanese regime.
But could not all this have been achieved without Imperialism, without dismembering the Chinese Republic, without humiliating another proud, cultured and ancient race? 
Political verse
The "mechanics" of Political verse is rather straightforward: the verse has a more or less strict form and deviations from it are usually incidental, or the exception than the rule.
The structure of each verse follows closely that convention: in the first part of each verse (the first eight syllables) the main theme of the verse is introduced, in the "main clause" of the verse.
That It could be a statement, part of a dialogue, or a depiction of some action. 
Either by been explained, or completed, or supplemented, or quite often the theme of the main clause is amplified by been repeated or restated in other words.
Political verses are usually, but not exclusively, organized in pairs (thus forming “stanzas” of two lines, known as distichs or couplets).
Political status of Puerto Rico
'Democratic Party 2008 Platform'
We believe that the people of Puerto Rico have the right to the political status of their choice, obtained through a fair, neutral, and democratic process of self-determination.
The White House and Congress will work with all groups in Puerto Rico to enable the question of Puerto Rico’s status to be resolved during the next four years.
We also believe that economic conditions in Puerto Rico call for effective and equitable programs to maximize job creation and financial investment.
We will phase-out the cap on Medicaid funding and phase-in equal participation in other federal health care assistance programs.
Political scandals of the United States
This was at the same time he was leading the Congressional investigation of Bill Clinton's affair with Monica Lewinsky. (1998)
Bill Clinton President (D-AR) intern Monica Lewinsky scandal allegedly had oral sex with Clinton leading him to famously declare on TV on January 26, 1998 that "I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky." 
The scandal led to impeachment by the House for perjury, but he was acquitted in the Senate by 10 votes (1998)
Bob Barr (R-GA) US Congressman who called for the impeachment of Bill Clinton
His own sexual hypocrisy was alleged by Hustler publisher Larry Flynt who claims Barr's second wife daid he was cheaating on her with Barr's soon to be third wife.
He is now a member of the Libertarian Party and has renounced many of his former positions. 
Robert Livingston (R-LA) Congressman who famously called for the impeachment of Bill Clinton resigned after his own extra marital affair was revealed. (1998) 
Robert Packwood (R-OR) US Senator was forced to resign his office when his vehement denials of any wrongdoing (after 29 women came forward with claims of sexual harassment, abuse, and assaults) were eventually contradicted by his own lurid diaries boasting of his sexual conquests. (1995)
Mel Reynolds (D-IL) indicted for sexual assault and criminal sexual abuse for a relationship with a 16-year-old campaign volunteer (1994.)
Political scandals of the United States
Grover Cleveland President (D)
During the election of 1884 Cleveland, a bachelor, paid child support to Maria Crofts Halpin even though the child may not have been his.
(1884)
James Buchanan President (D) and future Vice President William Rufus King (D-NC) were the subject of scandalous gossip (alleging a homosexual affair) in Washington, D.C. for many years.
Andrew Jackson referred to them as Miss Nancy and Aunt Fancy. (1850's)
Petticoat Affair or Eaton Affair
Margaret "Peggy" O'Neale later Margaret O'Neill Eaton, whose husband was alleged to have been driven to suicide because of her affair with Jackson's Secretary of War, John Henry Eaton. (1831)
Alexander Hamilton-Maria Reynolds affair.
Secretary of the Treasury Hamilton had an affair with Maria Reynolds while both were married to other people.
Political scandals of the United States
#Earl Brian, the CEO of UPI and FNN, was later convicted on fraud charges specific to UPI and FNN; however his possible involvement in both the October Surprise Conspiracy and the Inslaw Affair may have contributed to Congressional investigations of the Iran-Contra Affair. 
#Edwin Meese (R) -During confirmation hearings for his position as Attorney General, it was learned that his wife had received several "sweetheart loans" for the purchase of stock in companies owned by Earl Brian#D. 
Lowell Jensen (R) -As Deputy Attorney General, under Edwin Meese, he approved all matters regarding Inslaw's Promis contracts with the Department of Justice though it was known that Jensen had competed with similar software known as Dalite during the mid-1970s against Inslaw for a California LEAA contract.
Hamilton Jordan (D) Jimmy Carter's advisor who became target of repeated rumors of coarse and even criminal behavior, but extensive legal investigations failed to substantiate any of them. (1979)
Political religion
Political gatherings may supplement or replace religious ceremonies to help reinforce loyalty.
The state usually controls the mass media for similar reasons, filling it with propaganda.
Political religions that do not have such a level of mandated control may, instead, use commercial means to influence editorial and programming decisions.
Certain leisure or cultural activities may also be mandated to reinforce some aspect of loyalty or the state ideology. 
Political realism
Unlike a unitary state, sovereignty is constitutionally split between at least two territorial levels so that units at each level have final authority and can act independently of the others in some area. 
The allocation of authority between the sub-unit and centre may vary.
Typically the centre has powers regarding defence and foreign policy, but sub-units may also have international roles.
The sub-units may also participate in central decision-making bodies.
Political power
Perhaps , the best known definition comes from the late Michel Foucault, whose work in 'Discipline and Punish' (and other writings) conveys a view of power that is organic within society. 
Foucault once characterized power as "an action over actions" ('une action sur des actions'), arguing that power was essentially 'a relation' between several dots, in continuous transformation as in Friedrich Nietzsche's philosophy.
Jürgen Habermas opposed himself to Foucault's conception of discourse as a battlefield for power relations, arguing that it should be possible to achieve consensus on the fundamentals rules of discourse, in order to establish a transparent and democratic dialogue.
Barzilai has explored that neo-liberal globalization has failed to subdue the nation-state and some of the significant political power is still embedded in state political elite. 
Political positions of Pat Buchanan on global affairs
Buchanan opposes other U.S. military actions abroad, including the Persian Gulf and Iraq Wars.
Buchanan opposes neo-conservative foreign policy, and has vocally opposed every major military campaign the U.S. has engaged in since the end of the Cold War except the United States invasion of Afghanistan.
Unlike many conservatives , he outspokenly opposed the invasion of Iraq when it was first proposed in 2002. 
Buchanan's critics often describe him as an isolationist, which he denies. 
Political positions of Pat Buchanan on global affairs
America’s quarrel was never with the Russian people, it was with the Bolsheviks who terrorized Russia and said to Americans when I was young, 'We will bury you!'"
He believes Putin is probably "being set up" for the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko, and that Litvenko's death was likely either a suicide or the work of one of Putin's enemies trying to "put a cloud of suspicion over Putin and a chill over Russian relations with the West." 
In Buchanan's view, both Russia and the United States have a vital interest in resisting Islamic terrorism and the possibility of Chinese expansionism, and that "Of this generation of leaders, it may be said in epitaph: They were too small to see the larger world.
They frittered away in a decade what others had won in a half-century of perseverance in the Cold War."
Political positions of Mike Huckabee
Huckabee disagrees with aspects of John McCain/Ted Kennedy immigration reform but in a interview he agreed with George W. Bush's immigration plan, saying: "I tend to think that the rational approach is to find a way to give people a pathway to citizenship.
But by the same token, I think it's a little disingenuous when I hear people say they should experience the full weight of the law in every respect with no pathway, because that's not something we practice in any other area of criminal justice in this country....
To think that we're going to go lock up 12 million people, or even round them up and drive them to the border and let them go, might make a great political speech, but it's not going to happen.
What should happen, however, is exactly what I think [George W. Bush] has proposed, and that is that we create a process where people make restitution for the fact they have broken the law."
Political positions of John Edwards
He supports adoption of the National Academy of Science's recommendations for measuring poverty, which he claims would add 1 million people to the "poverty" class.
His plan involves several tactics. 
Edwards argues in favor of creating one million housing vouchers over five years in order to place poor people in middle class neighborhoods and in areas where jobs are available.
Edwards has stated, "If we truly believe that we are all equal, then we should live together too."
Political machine
In the 1930s, James A. Farley was the chief dispenser of the Democratic Party's patronage system through the Postal Department and the Works Progress Administration (WPA) which eventually nationalized many of the job benefits machines provided. 
The New Deal allowed machines to recruit for the WPA and Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC), making Farley's machine the most powerful, all patronage was screened through Farley including Presidential appointments.
In the 1940s most of the big city machines collapsed, with the notable exception of the Chicago machine.
A local political machine in Tennessee was forcibly removed in what was known as the Battle of Athens.
Political integration of India
Merging the administrative machineries of each state and integrating them into one political and administrative entity was not easy, particularly as many of the merged states had a history of rivalry. 
In the former Central India Agency, whose princely states had initially been merged into a princely union called Vindhya Pradesh, the rivalry between two groups of states became so bad that the Government of India persuaded the rulers to sign a Merger Agreement abrogating the old Covenants of Merger, and took direct control of the state as a Chief Commissioner's State.
In December 1947, Menon suggested requiring the rulers of states to take "practical steps towards the establishment of popular government".
This meant that their powers were 'de facto' no different from those of the Governors of the former British provinces, thus giving the people of their territories the same measure of responsible government as the people of the rest of India.
Political ideas in science fiction
Often the political focus of a science fiction novel is less on the social order, but how people maneuver and achieve their agendas within a given system.
The Retief stories by Keith Laumer and the Chanur books by C. J. Cherryh have politics and political maneuverings as some of the main themes, and Frank Herbert's Dune books offer advanced explorations of human politics, including the dovetailing economics.
Most commonly , science fiction deals with the political fallout of its own premises. 
A story will posit some new event or technology and explore its political dimensions; this includes most techno-thrillers but also encompasses a large body of traditional science fiction.
Political history of medieval Karnataka
During the reign of Bukka Raya I, the island of Lanka paid tributes and ambassadors were exchanged with the Ming Dynasty of China.
Indicated by records of the Ming dynasty (Kamath 2001, p162) The empire's most famous rulers were Deva Raya II and the Tuluva king Krishnadevaraya.
Deva Raya II (known as 'Gajabetekara' or hunter of elephants) ascended the throne in 1424 and was the most effective of the Sangama dynasty rulers.
He quelled rebelling feudal lords, the Zamorin of Calicut and the Quilon in the south, and invaded the island of Lanka while becoming overlord of the kings of Burma at Pegu and Tanasserim.
Telugu attained its height in popularity and reached its peak under Krishnadevaraya.
The Kannada Haridasa movement contributed greatly to Carnatic music and fostered a strong Hindu sentiment across South India.
Owing to his contributions to carnatic music, Purandaradasa is known as 'Karnataka Sangita Pitamaha'.
With the defeat of the Vijayanagara Empire in the Battle of Talikota in 1565 by the Deccan sultanates, the Karnataka region and South India in general became fragmented and subsumed under the rule of various former feudatories of the empire.
Political groups of the European Parliament
This throws up an anomaly: Groups get money and seats on Committees which Independent members do not get, but the total amount of Independent members may be greater than the members of the smaller Groups.
In 1979 MEPs got round this by forming a Technical Group (formally called the "Group for the Technical Coordination and Defence of Independent Groups and Members", or "CDI" for short) as a coalition of parties ranging from centre-left to far left, which were not aligned with any of the major international organizations.
On 20 July 1999, another Technical Group was formed, (formally called the "Technical Group of Independent Members – mixed group" or "TGI" for short).
Since it contained far-right MEPs and centre-left MEPs, it could not possibly be depicted as having a common outlook.
Political general
Joseph Wheeler, a former Confederate major general and postwar Congressman from Alabama, who is considered to have been one of the finest cavalry officers of the Civil War. 
This proved to be an effective public-relations measure, helping to unite the still deeply scarred region with the rest of the country against a common enemy.
Fitzhugh Lee, a former Confederate major general, nephew of Robert E. Lee and postwar Governor of Virginia, who served as the military governor of Havana, and who continued to serve in the army after the war.
Matthew Butler, a former Confederate major general and postwar Senator from South Carolina, was also appointed Major General of Volunteers in the US Army before the military expedition to Cuba.
Political divisions of the United States
There are thirty-nine independent cities in Virginia and other independent cities that are not part of, or consolidated with, counties include Baltimore, Maryland, St. Louis, Missouri, and Carson City, Nevada.
Counties can include a number of cities, towns, villages, or hamlets, or sometimes just a part of a city.
Counties in many states are further subdivided into townships - which, by definition, are administrative divisions of a county. 
In some states , such as Michigan, a township can file a charter with the state government, making itself into a "charter township", which is a type of mixed municipal and township status (giving the township some of the rights of a city without all of the responsibilities), much in the way a metropolitan municipality is a mixed municipality and county. 
Political consciousness
In a politically charged sense, becoming "politically conscious" is often meant to connote that people have awakened to their 'true' political role, their 'actual' identity.
For many African Americans , "consciousness" has meant identifying and discrediting forms of White supremacy, including those internalized by Blacks. 
These uses of political consciousness are often politically charged.
Does, for example, a Black woman person lack consciousness because she generally supports a system run mostly by White male capitalists? 
Political campaign staff
Campaigns are usually overseen by a campaign manager.
In small local campaigns, the campaign manager will often be the only paid staff member and will be responsible for every aspect of the campaign that is not covered by the candidate or volunteers.
While campaign managers are often the lead strategists in local campaigns, in the United States larger campaigns hire consultants to serve as strategists and the campaign manager focuses mostly on coordinating the campaign staff.
Campaign managers will often have deputies who oversee various aspects of the campaign at a closer level.
Political blog
The term refers to a species of monkey, and is regarded by some as an ethnic slur. 
The video was posted on the popular video-sharing site YouTube.
The media attention has been widely cited as a key reason why Senator Allen was defeated by now-Senator Jim Webb. 
In addition, the defeat of Senator Allen was enough to give senate democrats a one-vote senate majority when the 110th Congressional term began.
Politburo of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union
The actual size of the Politburo varied, but it usually consisted of fourteen full and eight candidate members.
Although it had no formal head, the General Secretary of the Party, who was also often head of the Central Committee, always played the leading role.
In practice the most powerful Politburo members also had membership of the Secretariat of the CPSU Central Committee, the General Secretary leading of this group.
Only a few women ever became members of the Politburo.
Polish–Soviet War
France, continuing its policy of countering Bolshevism now that the Whites in Russia proper had been almost completely defeated, sent a 400-strong advisory group to Poland's aid in 1919.
It consisted mostly of French officers, although it also included a few British advisers led by Lieutenant General Sir Adrian Carton De Wiart.
In addition to the Allied advisors, France also facilitated the transit to Poland from France of the "Blue Army" in 1919: troops mostly of Polish origin, plus some international volunteers, formerly under French command in World War I.
The army was commanded by the Polish general, Józef Haller.
Hungary offered to send a 30,000 cavalry corps to Poland's aid, but the Czechoslovakian government refused to allow them through as there was a demilitarized zone on the borders after the Czech-Hungarian war which ended only a few months before; some trains with weapon supplies from Hungary did, however, arrive in Poland.
Polish–Ottoman War (1633–1634)
In next year a full war with the Ottoman Empire was close (according to one source , the sultan created a huge army, according to others , it was just near its creation), however the sultan suffered from another failure: his vassal, khan of Crimea Canibek II (Janibek, Dzhanibek), had decided that he preferred to attack Muscovy. 
Muscovy troops were fighting with Polish troops, then-Polish Ukraine was bolstered by Cossacks and Koniecpolski's troops and besides, many times Tatars themselves offered to Commonwealth to raid Muscovy in exchange for “gifts” (or were sent “gifts” to do so).
About 20,000 strong Tatar army attacked Muscovy in 1632, probably stronger in 1633, attacks continued in 1634 (till 1637).
In June 1634 Tatars operated in area of Kursk, Orel; and Mtsensk.
Russian historians accuse Poles that they coordinated their attacks with those of Tatars.
Polish–Lithuanian relations during World War II
Polish and Lithuanian historians have to yet reach an agreement on the number of victims.
State commission was established by the Government of Lithuania to evaluate activities of Armia Krajowa in Lithuania which had to present conclusions by 1 December 1993.
Government of the Republic of Lithuania.
Not a single member of Armia Krajowa, many veterans of which live in Lithuania, has been charged with any crimes as of 2001.
A Lithuanian historian Arunas Bubnys stated that there were no mass murders carried by AK (with the only exception being Dubingai), but that AK was guilty of some war crimes against individuals or selected families; he also notes that any accusations of genocide are false and have an underlying political motive, among them a counteraction to the accusations of widespread German–Lithuanian collaboration and crimes committed by units such as the Lithuanian Secret Police (see also Holocaust in Lithuania).
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth Navy
The choice of other members of this Commission was not random, it contained wealthy king supporters, like the merchant and owner of a merchant fleet from Danzig, Georg Hewel (Gdańsk, Jerzy Hewel).
Because the Sejm (Polish Diet) was at best reluctant to pay for new ships and royal chest was permanently empty it was due to Hewel that the new fleet was created at all.
He gave to the king's disposal 10 ships, a few of them were carrying small caliber cannons.
Additionally the king wanted to build a few Galleons in Danzig and Puck and because of long construction times, also to purchase a few ships abroad, but those plans were not realized (except of purchase of one Danish ship - requiring quite serious repair).
Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
As a result, in the eastern territories a Polish (or Polonized) aristocracy dominated a peasantry whose great majority was neither Polish nor Roman Catholic.
Moreover, the decades of peace brought huge colonization efforts to Ukraine, heightening the tensions among nobles, Jews, Cossacks (traditionally Orthodox), Polish and Ruthenian peasants.
Retrieved February 14, 2006. and several Cossack uprisings. 
In the west and north, many cities had sizable German minorities, often belonging to Reformed churches. 
Polish rabbit
They are small rabbits with short ears that touch each other all the way to the tips.
Due to their small size, the Polish rabbit is often confused with the Netherland dwarf, although the Polish is a little larger and the head is not rounded.
There are many other differences between the two breeds, such as coat structure and colors. 
The ideal weight is 6 pounds.
Polish name
The partners may choose to retain their surnames, or both adopt the surname before marriage of either partner, or a combination of both; the children must receive either the joint surname or the surname of one of the partners, if they are different.
However, a married woman usually adopts her husband's name and the children usually bear the surname of the father.
The wife may keep her maiden name ('nazwisko panieńskie') or add her husband's surname to hers, thus creating a double-barrelled name ('nazwisko złożone').
It is also possible , though rare, for the husband to adopt his wife's surname or to add his wife's surname to his family name. 
Polish minority in the Czech Republic
The primary language of the Polish population in Zaolzie is the Cieszyn Silesian dialect, with the vast majority of Poles using it in everyday communication.
The dialect is very prestigious and contributes to the pride of local people.
European Commission 2006.
It is also used by some local Czechs.
In the Zaolzie region, a few church services are conducted in Polish. 90% of worshippers among Polish secondary school students are reported to pray in Polish.
Polish local elections, 2006
Some of elected ones resigned while the others refused. 
The most known person who didn't resign was newly elected president (=mayor) of Warsaw, Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz.
Polish legal experts maintained that by submitting their statements on the same day, Gronkiewicz-Waltz had observed the spirit, even if not the letter of the law. 
On Tuesday, March 13, 2007, Poland's Constitutional Tribunal ruled against the governing Law and Justice (PiS) party and struck down the controversial law that threatened her and many other public officials. 
Polish heroin
The use of the term kompot or compote refers euphemistically to a traditional type of dessert popular in Central and Eastern European countries made of stewed fruit, spices, and sugar.
This drug was also considered by Eastern Bloc addicts to be one of last resort when heroin, morphine, or other similar drugs were unavailable, which they often were during the 1950s through the end of the Soviet era.
Illicit drug trafficking within the communist-governed nations of Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Romania, Bulgaria, Russia itself, and others was on a much smaller scale and the supply far more erratic and unreliable compared to that of Western nations.
Opium poppies, by contrast, were widely available and relatively cheap.
Polish culture during World War II
During the Warsaw Uprising (August–October 1944), people in Polish-controlled territory endeavored to recreate the former day-to-day life of their free country.
The 10th Underground Tournament of Poetry was held during the Uprising, with prizes being weaponry (most of the Polish poets of the younger generation were also members of the resistance).
Headed by Antoni Bohdziewicz, the Home Army's Bureau of Information and Propaganda even created three newsreels and over of film documenting the struggle.
Eugeniusz Lokajski took some 1,000 photographs before he died; Sylwester Braun some 3,000, of which 1,500 survive; Jerzy Tomaszewski some 1,000, of which 600 survived.
Polish contribution to World War II
Rejewski and his two cryptologist colleagues also invented the cryptological bomb, perforated Zygalski sheets, and other techniques and devices for breaking Enigma ciphers.
Subsequently the design was copied by the British and used in most tanks of WW II, including the Soviet 'T-34', the British Crusader, Churchill, Valentine and Cromwell tanks, and the American M4 Sherman.
VIS (Polish designation pistolet wz. 35 Vis, German designation 9 mm Pistole 35(p), often simply called the Radom in English sources) is a 9 mm caliber, single-action, semi-automatic pistol.
Between 1939-1945, 312,000 - 380,000 VIS pistols were produced and used by the German paratroopers and police.
The Radom was very accurate, stable and generally regarded as one of the best military pistols of that period. 
After the war the Soviet TT-33 pistol, considered by many to be inferior to the Vis. 
It was to have become the standard SMG of the Polish Army some time in the 1940s.
Thanks to the laminar-flow wing it was one of the most modern bombers in the world before World War II.
7TP was the Polish light tank of the Second World War.
A development of the British Vickers 6-ton, it was significantly better armed than its most common opponents, the German Panzer I and Panzer II.
Samochód pancerny wz. 29 ("armoured car 1929 pattern"), commonly known as Ursus or CWS, it was a Polish interwar heavy armored car.
It was probably the only kind of modern firearm that could be manufactured in the forest without the need for sophisticated tools and factory equipment during the Second World War. 
It was used extensively by the American Army and was nicknamed the 'walkie-talkie'.
The Polish Home Army was probably the only World War II resistance movement to manufacture large quantities of weaponry and munitions. 
Finally, during the Warsaw Uprising Polish engineers built several armoured car which also took part in the fighting.
Polish cavalry
As one of the very few units in the Polish standing army (most of other units were formed as 'levée en masse'), the hussars were well-trained and well-equipped.
Until the 18th century they were considered the elite of the Polish armed forces. 
Because of the fame and prestige that surrounded the hussars, many of them were members of the nobility (szlachta). 
Although by the 18th century their importance was diminished by the introduction of modern infantry firearms and quick-firing artillery, the Polish hussars' tactics and armament remained almost unchanged.
Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany
Łuczak (1987) wrote that many Polish priests were arrested and put into concentration camps or prisons or murdered in executions.
Historic churches were destroyed, and in several cases Germans defiled icons or religious items symbolic for Polish people.
Poles were forbidden to attend funerals of other Poles unless they were direct and close family of the person which died.
In many places objects of religious worship of significance to Poles were destroyed or defiled.
Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany
When trains with wounded and crippled German soldiers started returning from Eastern Front they were welcomed alongside train tracks by groups of celebrating Polish population.
The ones from Bessarabia were considered the worst. 
While some initially talked to Poles, in time as they soaked up Nazi ideology, this stopped, and some turned to violence against Poles. 
On farms the Poles were treated by Germans as farm animals, and some Germans treated their dogs more humanely than Polish slave labourers. 
Polish areas annexed by Nazi Germany
It contained several parts based solely on racial and ethnic category of the person subject to trial. 
The base idea of the law was to put as many as possible violations against German occupation under penalty.
Prison as punishment was considered unsuitable and death sentence and whipping preferred in designed projects of the law.
The new law gave almost unlimited right to pass death sentences against Poles and imprisonment in concentration camps.
Polish Jacobins
After the third partition of Poland, many Jacobins emigrated and joined the Polish Legions in Italy. 
Many of those who remained in Poland took part in various conspirational organisations (Association of Polish Republicans, 'Towarzystwo Republikanów Polskich'). 
Eventually some prominent Jacobins (like Józef Zajączek) became part of the government of the Duchy of Warsaw and later Congress Poland). 
Polish Jacobins slowly became absorbed into other groups of the Great Emigration, although traces of their ideas were visible not only in the January Uprising but also in the Józef Piłsudski's Polish Socialist Party ('Polska Partia Socjalistyczna').
Polish Cultural and Educational Union
Before World War II there was a myriad of various Polish organizations.
When PZKO organization was founded, in 1947, creating of other Polish organizations was prohibited.
PZKO gained monopolist position, and was responsible for all activities related to the Poles, as other Polish organizations had been banned.
After the Velvet Revolution, in 1990, PZKO exonerated people discriminated after 1968, including most noted personalities: Jan Rusnok, Henryk Jasiczek, Adam Wiesław Berger, Tadeusz Siwek and Ernest Sembol.
Polish Coal Trunk-Line
For unknown reasons, the important industrial center of Łódź, located just a few kilometers east of the route, was not included in it.
As a result, a huge nexus was built in Zduńska Wola-Karsznice, which until today is one of the most important junctions of the whole country.
Also, a new settlement was built there, with several condominiums for rail workers and their families.
Apart from the line itself, numerous stations along the way were built.
Polish American
There are a number of unique festivals, street parties and parades held by the Polish American community. 
The Polish Fest in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which is a popular annual festival, takes place at the Henry Maier Festival Park.
One of the newest and most ambitious festivals is the Seattle Polish Film Festival organized in conjunction with the Polish Film Festival in Gdynia, Poland. 
And last, but not least, there's the Pierogi Fest in Whiting, Indiana with many more attractions other than Polish pierogi, and the Wisconsin Dells Polish Fest. 
Polish American
During the 1950s-1970s, the Polish wedding was often an all-day event.
A polka band of drums, a singer, accordion, and trumpet, entertained the people, as they danced traditional dances, such as the oberek, "Polish Hop" and the waltz.
Foods, such as Polish sausage, sauerkraut, pierogi and kluski were common.
Many popular Polish foods became a fixture in the American cuisine of today, including kiełbasa (Polish sausage), babka cake, kaszanka (kasanzka) and pierogi, among many. 
Polish Air Force
They were first used in the conflict against Ukraine around Lwów in 1918 (the first combat flight of the Polish aircraft on 5 November 1918), and other actions included the bombing of an airfield in Frankfurt (Oder) on 9 January 1919 by airmen of the Great Polish Army.
As a result, in 1920-1922, the Polish Air Force consisted of a variety of British, French, German, Austrian and Italian aircraft of the World War I era.
The main fighters used were (in order of quantity): Ansaldo Balilla (92), SPAD XIII (55), Fokker D.VII (50), Oeffag D.III (45), SPAD VII (19), Albatros D.III (12), Sopwith Dolphin (10), Fokker E.V (D.VIII) (8).
Many others existed in smaller numbers.
The most numerous fighter became two-seater Bristol F2B Fighter (107 units), used as a scout and ground attack plane.
Polisario Front
The most intense open warfare in the conflict in Western Sahara occurred during the Cold War.
But the conflict was never fully dragged into the US-Soviet dynamics like many other conflicts. 
This was mainly because both sides tried to avoid overt involvement, which would necessitate a crash in relations with either Morocco or Algeria - the major North African players - and because neither viewed it as an important front.
Morocco was firmly entrenched in the US camp, whereas Algeria aligned generally with the Soviet Union during the 1970s, and took a more independent "third-worldist" position after that. 
Polis
The 'poleis' were not like other primordial ancient city-states like Tyre or Sidon, which were ruled by a king or a small oligarchy, but rather a political entity ruled by its body of citizens.
The traditional view of archaeologists, that the appearance of urbanization at excavation sites could be read as a sufficient index for the development of a 'polis' was criticised by François Polignac in 1984Polignac, 'La naissance de la cité grecque' (Paris 1984).
The ancient Greeks didn't refer to Athens, Sparta, Thebes and other 'poleis' as such; they rather spoke of the Athenians, Lacedaemonians, Thebans and so on.
The body of citizens came to be the most important meaning of the term 'polis' in ancient Greece.
Poliomyelitis
The extent of spinal paralysis depends on the region of the cord affected, which may be cervical, thoracic, or lumbar.
The virus may affect muscles on both sides of the body, but more often the paralysis is asymmetrical.
Any limb or combination of limbs may be affected—one leg, one arm, or both legs and both arms.
Paralysis is often more severe proximally (where the limb joins the body) than distally (the fingertips and toes).
Poliomyelitis
As one of the largest disabled groups in the world polio survivors also helped to advance the modern disability rights movement through campaigns for the social and civil rights of the disabled.
The World Health Organization estimates that there are 10 to 20 million polio survivors worldwide.
According to doctors and local polio support groups, some 40,000 polio survivors with varying degrees of paralysis live in Germany, 30,000 in Japan, 24,000 in France, 16,000 in Australia, 12,000 in Canada and 12,000 in the United Kingdom.
Many notable individuals have survived polio and often credit the prolonged immobility and residual paralysis associated with polio as a driving force in their lives and careers. 
Polio vaccine
Oral polio vaccines were developed by several groups, one of which was led by Albert Sabin.
Other groups, led by Hilary Koprowski and H.R. Cox, developed their own attenuated vaccine strains.
The various vaccines were carefully evaluated for their ability to induce immunity to polio, while retaining a low incidence of neuropathogenicity in monkeys.
Based on these results, the Sabin strains were chosen for worldwide distribution.
Polio vaccine
During the race to develop an oral polio vaccine several large scale human trials were undertaken.
In Africa, the vaccines were administered to roughly one million people in the Belgian territories, now the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda and Burundi.
However, recent opposition to vaccination campaigns has evolved , often relating to fears that the vaccine might induce sterility. 
The disease has since resurged in Nigeria and in several other African nations , which epidemiologists cite is due to refusals by certain local populations to allow their children to receive the polio vaccine. 
Polignac (card game)
Eventually, the position of the Ace, common to old French card games, may be changed.
The players may decide to try and take all the tricks in a hand.
This is known as "general" and the player must announce his intention before he leads to the first trick.
If he succeeds, all the other players score 5 penalty points.
Policy debate competitions
Tournaments are hosted over a three day period of time, in most instances.
This can either be Friday-Sunday, or more often Saturday-Monday.
The number of rounds per tournament ranges from 6-8 usually, although small regional tournaments may have fewer.
The first two days of competition are when the preliminary rounds occur, possibly beginning the first out-round the second night.
Policy debate competitions
The high school debate tournament generally considered to be the national circuit championship is the Tournament of Champions held at the University of Kentucky. 
For non-national circuit debaters the national championship is generally considered to be the national tournament of their sponsoring organization, either the National Speech and Debate Tournament of the National Forensic League or the Grand National Tournament of the National Catholic Forensic League or the NCFCA. 
The National Debate Coaches' Association hosts an annual tournament at the end of the year, with a qualification process based on points achieved at various tournaments.
This tournament is generally viewed as a precursor national tournament to the TOC, because the same teams generally qualify to both tournaments. 
Policy debate
The teams may also present a decision calculus for the judge to decide the case: for instance, they may insist that the judge examine the case in a deontological rather than consequentialist framework.
A deontological framework implies that the judge should examine certain impacts or actions of the case before other impacts.
In other words, as long as something good comes of an action, anything bad done on the way doesn't matter.
An example would be if one team says that the judge must prevent famine before anything else but the other team says that they prevent more deaths and that is what the judge should vote on, no matter how those deaths happened.
Policy
The actions the organization actually takes may often vary significantly from stated policy.
This difference is sometimes caused by political compromise over policy, while in other situations it is caused by lack of policy implementation and enforcement.
Implementing policy may have unexpected results, stemming from a policy whose reach extends further than the problem it was originally crafted to address.
Additionally, unpredictable results may arise from selective or idiosyncratic enforcement of policy.
Policies of the Surayud government
In addition, the popular Midnight University web board was shut down for what the government claimed were posts offensive to the monarchy.
The repeal of junta restrictions against organizing protests on 9 November 2006.
However, martial law has been lifted in most of the country.
The approval of a law that would imprison anyone found guilty of forwarding a pornographic email up to three years.
The establishment of a 14,000-strong special operations force with a mandate to control anti-junta protests.
General Saprang Kallayanamit, assistant Secretary-General of the CNS, was appointed Commander of the force.
Arresting 26 Bo Bae Market illegal vendors protesting their forced relocation following a major fire.
The protestors were charged with participating in an illegal gathering attended by more than 10 people.
They later refused to air an interview that Thaksin had earlier made.
Censorship of all mention of Thaksin Shinawatra from television.
The torture of suspected insurgents by the military in the South.
Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom
The Metropolitan Police officers were unarmed to clearly distinguish them from military enforcers, which had been the system of policing seen before the 1820s.
At the time, burglary (or "house breaking" as it was then called) was a common problem for police, and house breakers were usually armed, as it was then legal to own a pistol for self-defence.
Because of many deaths of officers in the hands of firearms in the outer districts of the Metropolis, and after much press coverage debating whether Peel's service should be fully armed, the Commissioner applied to the Home Secretary to supply all officers on the outer districts with revolvers.
The practice lasted until 1936, although the vast majority of the system was phased out by the end of the 19th century.
Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom
In some forces short sleeved shirts may be worn open-necked. 
In 2002, Strathclyde Police replaced the white shirts with black T-shirts with stab vest on top, for the majority of officers on duty.
Today, female officers almost never wear a skirt in working dress, and frequently wear trousers in formal dress as well.
Officers also frequently wear reflective waterproof jackets, which have replaced the old greatcoats and cloaks traditionally worn in inclement weather.
Police uniforms and equipment in the United Kingdom
Formal uniform comprises an open-necked tunic (with or without an attached belt, depending on the force and rank of the Officer) and trousers or skirt, worn with a white or light blue shirt and black tie (usually clip-on, so it cannot be used to strangle the wearer).
Although most forces once wore blue shirts, these have been less used since the 1980s (when the Metropolitan Police changed to white) and most now wear white. 
Officers of the rank of Inspector and above have always worn white shirts, and in many forces so have female officers. 
In some forces , female officers wear a black and white checked cravat instead of a tie. 
Police procedural
The success of 'Tracy' led to many more police strips.
While some, like Norman Marsh's 'Dan Dunn' were unabashedly slavish imitations of 'Tracy', others, like Dashiell Hammett's and Alex Raymond's 'Secret Agent X-9', took a more original approach.
Still others, like Eddie Sullivan's and Charlie Schmidt's 'Radio Patrol' and Will Gould's 'Red Barry', steered a middle course.
One of the best post-'Tracy' procedural comics was 'Kerry Drake', written and created by Allen Saunders and illustrated by Alfred Andriola.
Police motorcycle
A 'police motorcycle' is a motorcycle used by various police forces and departments.
They may be custom designed to meet the requirements unique of a particular use.
A police motorcycle is often called a "motor" by police officers in the United States.
Similarly, 'motorcycle units' are known as "'motor units'" and motorcycle officers are known as motor officers.
Police brutality
In the Philippines, the 'Philippine National Police' has many incidents of Police brutality against the people whom they arrest or investigate. 
In some cases , instead of inviting a person for questioning and that particular person refuses, they arrest them without a warrant for the reason of obstruction of justice. 
Also in some cases , the officials of the Philippine National Police abuse their privilege to use force to induce psychological intimidation against a group or an individual as revenge due to a previous incident of the latter. 
The common victims are journalist who made a report of an incident that is done wrongly by the police.
Police
The Gendarmerie is the direct descendant of the Marshalcy of the ancien regime, more commonly known by its French title, the Maréchaussée. 
The military policing responsibilities of the Marshal of France were delegated to the Marshal's provost, whose force was known as the Marshalcy because its authority ultimately derived from the Marshal.
The marshalcy dates back to the Hundred Years War, and some historians trace it back to the early twelfth century. 
During the revolutionary period, marshalcy commanders generally placed themselves under the local constitutional authorities. 
Poles
Polish people are the sixth largest national group in Europe.
Estimates vary depending on source, though available data suggests a total number around 60 million people worldwide (with approx. 21 million living outside of Poland). 
There are almost 39 million Poles in Poland alone.
There are some smaller autochthonous minorities in nearby countries such as Moldova and Latvia.
Pole weapon
It was popular in Europe in the 16th. and 17th. centuries.
Surviving examples have a variety of head forms but there are two main variants, one with the side blades (known as flukes or wings) branching from the neck of the central blade at 45 degrees, the other with hooked blades curving back towards the haft.
The corseque is usually associated with the 'rawcon', ranseur and 'runka'.
Another possible association is with the "three-grayned staff"'Grayned' meaning 'bladed' listed as being in the armoury of Henry VIII in 1547 (though the same list also features 84 rawcons, suggesting the weapons were not identical in 16th. century English eyes). 
Polarity therapy
Advocates and practitioners of PT claim that a subtle, invisible and intangible energetic system is the substrate for all phenomena. 
Further, they claim that blockages in the flow of energy lead to pain and disease (directly contradicting the germ theory of disease), or be experienced as stuck emotions and lack of vitality. 
They claim that this is similar to the measurable and quantifiable electromagnetic bond between electron and proton that forms atoms, a claim which is not scientific, but pseudoscience. 
While an electromagnetic metaphor is often used, Stone emphasized that the energy concept had a larger context; he referred to it as the "Breath of Life".
Polaritonics
Direct observation of phonon-polariton propagation was made possible by real-space imaging, in which the spatial and temporal profiles of phonon-polaritons are imaged onto a CCD camera using Talbot phase-to-amplitude conversion.
Real-space imaging is the preferred detection technique in polaritonics, though other more conventional techniques like optical Kerr-gating, time resolved diffraction, interferometric probing, and terahertz field induced second harmonic generation are useful in some applications where real-space imaging is not easily employed.
For example, patterned materials with feature sizes on the order of a few tens of micrometres cause parasitic scattering of the imaging light.
Phonon-polariton detection is then only possible by focusing a more conventional probe, like those mentioned before, into an unblemished region of the crystal.
Polar ecology
There is a wide variety of vegetation in the polar region but there are few species in common in the Southern and Northern polar region.
Lichens are the most dominant plants.
Flowering plants are also seen but not as common.
The vegetation in this area may grow vegetation as tall as 50 cm.
In the southern part of the Arctic there tend to be more shrubs whereas the northern parts there is less plant cover.
Polar ecology
Frozen ground covers most of the polar regions for the majority of the year.
Due to the permafrost the water in the soil remains frozen for most of the year.
In the summer the top of the permafrost may be covered with water due to melting in the area (Stonehouse, 69). 
Weathering is also common in polar regions.
Polar bear
Unlike brown and black bears, polar bears are capable of fasting for up to several months during late summer and early fall, when they cannot hunt for seals because the sea is unfrozen.
When sea ice is unavailable during summer and early autumn, some populations live off fat reserves for months at a time. 
Polar bears have also been observed to eat a wide variety of other wild foods, including muskox, reindeer, birds, eggs, rodents, shellfish, crabs, and other polar bears.
They may also eat plants, including berries, roots, and kelp, however none of these are a significant part of their diet.
Poland in the Early Middle Ages
The Polish tribes did however leave remnants of more imposing structures—fortified settlements and other reinforced enclosures of the gord (Polish "gród") type.
The gords were differently designed and of various sizes, from small to impressively massive.
Ditches, walls, palisades and embankments were used to strengthen the perimeter, which involved an often complicated earthwork, wood and stone construction.
Some were permanently occupied by a substantial number of people or by a chief and his cohort of armed men, while others were utilized as refuges to protect the local population in case of external danger. 
Poland in the Early Middle Ages
It can be inferred from Tacitus' description in 'Germania' that his "Venethi" lived possibly around the middle Dnieper basin, which in his times would correspond to the Proto-Slavic Zarubintsy cultural sphere. 
At that time the Venethi would therefore mean the Kiev culture people.
Jordanes' 6th century description of the "populous race of the Venethi" range includes the regions near the left (northern) ridge of the Carpathian Mountains and stretching from there "almost endlessly" east, while in the western direction reaching the sources of the Vistula.
The Venethi were the third Slavic branch of an unspecified location (the more distant from Jordanes' vantage and more ancestral in relation to the other two, the Kolochin culture is the likely possibility), as well as the overall designation for the totality of the Slavic peoples, who "though off-shoots from one stock, have now three names".
Poland in the Early Middle Ages
As of that time and in the following decades this region, plus some of the Greater Poland, Lower Silesia and some areas west of the middle and lower Oder River make up the Sukow-Dziedzice group. 
First settlements appear in the early 6th century and cannot be directly derived from any other Slavic archeological culture.
According to some scholars like Siedow, Kurnatowska and Brzostowicz, it might be a direct continuation of the Przeworsk tradition.
According to allochthonists, it represents a variant of the Prague culture and is considered its younger stage.
Poland in Antiquity
The Wielbark culture lasted on Polish lands from 30 to 400 AD, although most of its people left Poland long before that later date.
Some of this culture's burials are skeletal - the dead were inhumed in solid wood log coffins, while other crematory, both identically equipped.
Those various items, and especially the 1st and 2nd century AD jewelry, made of bronze, silver and gold, are the works of highest quality and exceed the comparable products of the Przeworsk culture.
This craftsmanship reached its apex in the 2nd century finesse of "baroque" jewelry, beautiful by any standards, placed in graves of women in (as the Wielbark culture expanded south) Poznań Szeląg and Kowalewko, Oborniki County, among other places.
Poland in Antiquity
Swords were kept in sheaths, some of which, depending on status, were very ornate.
The long and narrow swords, better suited for horseback combat, became popular again in the 3rd century, but only the more wealthy warriors had horses, nor to mention iron helmets or ring armor.
Round wooden shields had iron umbos in the middle, usually with a thorn for piercing the enemy.
Numerous Przeworsk culture objects including spurs and a unique silver belt buckle were recovered at the Aleksandrowice, Kraków County settlement area; some relics there are dated possibly as late as the first half of 6th century. 
Poland in Antiquity
One hundred people lived in over twenty houses supported by pillars, with walls made of beams, finished with clay and painted.
After the Celts evacuated the area the Nowa Cerekiew settlement remained uninhabited for 150 years, before being reoccupied by the Przeworsk culture people and later the Slavs.
Objects recently found at Nowa Cerekiew include a collection of gold and silver coins minted by the Boii tribe (3rd - 2nd century BC), Greek coins from Sicily and other colonies, and various metal decorative items.
Nowa Cerekiew was a major Celtic trade and political center, one of the very few in central Europe, a source of great profits and northernmost of their Amber Road stations.'
Pola Negri
At his funeral she "fainted" several times, and arranged for a large floral arrangement, which spelled out her name, to be placed on Valentino's coffin.
Despite the wide publicity she attracted, many of Valentino's friends stated that Valentino and Negri had not intended to marry, and dismissed her actions as a publicity stunt. 
Negri allegedly kept Valentino's picture on her bedside table until the end of her life, always insisting he had been the great love of her life.
Actress Tallulah Bankhead, in particular, badmouthed Negri, although others such as Mary Pickford (supportive and generous to so many troubled actresses of the time) and Valentino's brother, Alberto, defended her. 
Pokémon: The First Movie
Mewtwo reveals itself to Ash, his friends, and three other trainers who braved the storm to be the "World's Greatest Pokémon Master," and that it had created the storm with its powers to test the trainers' will.
After being berated by Mewtwo for the relationships they share with their Pokémon, Ash and some of the other trainers challenge Mewtwo, who pits their Pokémon against clones of Venusaur, Blastoise, and Charizard, which easily defeat the trainers' Pokémon. 
In its grief, Pikachu starts weeping for its fallen master, the other Pokémon in the arena following suit.
It leaves the island with Mew and the cloned Pokémon, erasing everyone else's memory of the horrifying incident, knowing it's for the best.
Pokémon episodes removed from rotation
A few people even had seizures, blindness, convulsions, and lost consciousness,. 
Although many victims recovered during the ambulance trip, more than 150 of them were admitted to hospitals. 
Two people remained hospitalized for over 2 weeks.
Some other people had seizures when parts of the scene were rebroadcast during news reports on the seizures. 
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire
When the two legendary Pokémon begin to battle each other, the protagonist must unleash Rayquaza the legendary Pokémon (pictured on the box cover) to calm them.
Though double battles were clearly marked in 'Ruby' and 'Sapphire', in 'Emerald', two separate trainers might unite to battle as a pair.
After the Elite Four is defeated, the player may re-battle Gym Leaders in a double battle.
Probably the most significant addition is the Battle Frontier, an expanded version of the Battle Tower in 'Ruby' and 'Sapphire'.
Pokémon Diamond and Pearl
The games received generally favorable reviews. 
Most critics praised the addition of Wi-Fi features and felt that the gameplay, though it had not received much updating from previous games, was still engaging. 
Reviewers were divided on the graphics, however; and the audio was criticized as being primitive. 
The games enjoyed more commercial success than their Game Boy Advance predecessors: with around 15 million units sold worldwide, 'Diamond' and 'Pearl' have sold around 1 million more units than 'Ruby' and 'Sapphire' and almost 3 million more units than 'FireRed' and 'LeafGreen'.
Pokémon Channel
The game received mixed receptions from critics.
The main complaint from critics was over the game's lack of interactivity since most of the gametime is spent watching television.
In addition to this, the fact that many animated sequences cannot be bypassed was found to be annoying, particularly when the player has already seen them or is familiar with them. 
The good reviews were more lenient on these points, stating that it was likely designed with younger players in mind.
Pokuttya
As in other famous similar cases in middle age Europe (such as Foix, or Dauphiné), the local feodal had to swear oath of allegiance to the king 'for the specific territory', even when the former was himself an independent ruler of another state.
In 1485, Moldavian prince Stephen the Great, after losing in the previous year his country's exit to the Black Sea to the Ottomans, was in serious need of alliances, and swore allegiance to Casimir IV Jagiellon, King of Poland for Pokuttia, in what is known as the 'Colomeea oath'.
Popular culture has it that Casimir ordered the tent in which the oath was taking place to be uncovered at a moment's notice, so as to present Stephen on his knees in front of the latter's nobles and escort. 
It is said that Stephen, renowned for his religious piety, quickly turned towards an icon and crossed himself, in order not to appear undignified in front of his men. 
Moreover, when abandoning the siege, his army ran into a trap, was decimated, and many nobles were killed.
Pokolbin, New South Wales
Draytons, McWilliams, Lindemans, Tyrrells, Jay Tulloch and The Rothbury Estate still knock out some old-style Hunter wines with the likes of Brokenwood and Bimbadgen Estate leading the charge for the "new chums".
Traditional style Hunter Semillons in particular have produced some of Australia's most distinctive whites with 20 plus years ageing in the bottle not uncommon. 
There is a vast array of accommodation in the area due to the wine industry and Pokolbins' proximity to Sydney (approximately 160 kilometres north).
There are many excellent quality restaurants where visitors can eat well and try local wines. 
A list of attractions in the Pokolbin region:
Wineries.
Pokolbin village.
Hunter Valley Gardens.
Pok Fu Lam
These claims have been rejected by the government which also threatened demolition of the village.
In the Qing Dynasty Kangxi period (late 17th c) chaos occurred when approximately 2,000 people seeking asylum from mainland China reached this point.
In 1819 "Xinan County annals", mentioned that Lin Ts'un was in Hong Kong Island and was one of two villages (another encircles Huang Chuk'eng Hong Kong).
The village inhabitation only then started to reduce, but at present still many villagers live in Yu Ts'unnei.
Cultural celebrations include Lin Ts'unhsiang the big pit, also the dance procession of lanterns or torches, the Midautumn festival.
Poitín
Poitín was generally produced in remote rural areas, away from the interference of the law. 
A wash for 100 gallons of fresh water was said to contain six stone of potatoes, six stone of sugar and some yeast.
Stills were often set up on land boundaries so the issue of ownership could be disputed.
The still had to be heated and attended to for several days to allow the runs to go through.
Poison ivy
The appearance of a spreading rash indicates that some areas received more of the poison and reacted sooner than other areas or that contamination is still occurring from contact with objects to which the original poison was spread. 
If poison ivy is burned and the smoke then inhaled, this rash will appear on the lining of the lungs, causing extreme pain and possibly fatal respiratory difficulty.
If poison ivy is eaten, the digestive tract, airway, kidneys or other organs can be damaged.
In rare cases, poison ivy reactions may require hospitalization.
Poison ivy
Blackberries and raspberries ('Rubus' spp.) can resemble poison ivy, with which they may share territory.
The chief difference between blackberries and raspberries, on the one hand, and poison ivy, on the other, is that blackberries and raspberries almost always have prickles on the stems, whereas poison ivy is smooth.
Also, the three-leaflet pattern of some blackberry and raspberry leaves changes as the plant grows: leaves produced later in the season have five leaflets rather than three.
Blackberries and raspberries have many fine teeth along the leaf edge, the top surface of their leaves is very wrinkled where the veins are, and the bottom of the leaves is light minty-greenish white.
Poison Ivy (comics)
After too many years of exposing herself to toxins, and modifying her own DNA to the point of losing most of her humanity, a dying Poison Ivy makes her way to a Dr. Holland, who is practicing science in a small cottage in the middle of nowhere.
As this happens, Holland cries out “Pamela”, which is quickly interrupted by another Pamela Isley, who looks exactly as she appeared in 'Batman: The Animated Series', regular human skin and all.
She states that this Ivy was a vegetable creature from a few years back, that she had created as a distraction for Batman, in order to escape from her old supervillain life in Gotham.
This leads readers to believe that the revamped Poison Ivy that appeared in 'The New Batman Adventures', as well as the subsequent stories that followed, was a copy all along, and that the real Pamela Isley had left her life of crime to run away during the two year gap between both series.
Poirot's Early Cases
Mrs. Carrington was carrying with her jewels amounting to a value of almost one hundred thousand pounds to wear at the house party.
At Bristol the maid, Jane Mason, received a surprise: Mrs. Carrington told her to wait at the station for a few hours while she travelled on to some unspecified destination.
She would return in a few hours and they would get a later connection for the Plymouth line.
After waiting at Bristol for most of the day, Mason checked into a hotel for the night and read of the murder in the next day's paper.
Poirot Investigates
There have only been two people in the room since the pearls were last seen - Mrs Opalsen's maid, Celestine, and the hotel chambermaid.
Both girls are questioned and both blame the other.
The two maids were in sight of each other all the time except for two pauses of between twelve and fifteen seconds apiece when Celestine went into her room – not enough time to extract the jewel case from the drawer, open it, take the jewels and return the case.
The valet was on the other side of the bolted door and the chambermaid passed him the case in the first interval when Celestine was in her room.
Point-and-shoot camera
Point-and-shoot cameras are distinguished from single-lens reflex cameras (SLRs) in several respects: The image that the photographer sees through the viewfinder of a point-and-shoot camera is not the same image that passes through the primary lens of the camera (that is, the lens that projects the image onto the film or, in the case of digital cameras, the image sensor).
SLRs, on the other hand, have only one lens, and a mirror diverts the image from the lens into the viewfinder; that mirror then retracts when the picture is taken so that the image can be recorded on the film or sensor.
It is because of this method of diverting the image into the viewfinder that pictures cannot be previewed on the LCD screens of most digital SLRs, although some manufacturers have found a way around this limitation. 
Digital cameras obviate the need for the SLR design to some degree, as the camera's LCD image is projected through the lens, not a separate viewfinder.
Point Reyes National Seashore
In his book 'The Natural History of the Point Reyes Peninsula', Jules Evens identifies several plant communities.
One of the most prominent is the Coastal Douglas-fir ('Pseudotsuga menziesii') forest, which includes Coast live oak, Tanoak, and California bay and reaches across the southern half of Inverness Ridge toward Bolinas Lagoon.
But despite these large, old trees, the forest may nevertheless be a result of European settlement. 
The Coast Miwok people who once lived in the area set frequent fires to clear brush and increase game animal populations, and early explorers' accounts describe the hills as bare and grassy.
Point Arguello Light
The Indians were part of the third people indigenous to the area, the Canalinos.
In prehistoric times, a people of Mongolian stock in all probability had first settled along the Southern California coast in areas where oak trees were plentiful, from which characteristic they had been called "The Oak Tree (Grove) People". 
They vanished some hundreds of years before the beginning of the Christian era, and after a period yielding no archaeological remains, a second group, also probably Mongolian in origin and semi—nomadic in habits arrived. 
These "hunting people" gradually merged with a third race, the Canalinos, on the latter’s arrival.
Poincaré conjecture
It began as a popular, important conjecture, but is now considered a theorem to the satisfaction of the awarders of the Fields medal. 
The claim concerns a space that locally looks like ordinary three dimensional space but is connected, finite in size, and lacks any boundary (a closed 3-manifold).
The Poincaré conjecture claims that if such a space has the additional property that each loop in the space can be continuously tightened to a point, then it is just a three-dimensional sphere.
An analogous result has been known in higher dimensions for some time.
Poincaré conjecture
In some cases Hamilton was able to show that this works; for example, if the manifold has positive Ricci curvature everywhere he showed that the manifold becomes extinct in finite time under Ricci flow without any other singularities.
(In other words, the manifold collapses to a point in finite time; it is easy to describe the structure just before the manifold collapses.)
Perelman showed how to continue past these singularities: very roughly, he cuts the manifold along the singularities, splitting the manifold into several pieces, and then continues with the Ricci flow on each of these pieces.
This procedure is known as 'Ricci flow with surgery'.
Pohnpei
The population of Pohnpei is approximately 34,000.
Pohnpei is more ethnically diverse than any other island in the FSM.
This is largely due to it being home to the capital of the national government, which employs hundreds of people from the other FSM States having distinct ethnic and cultural origins.
The indigenous makeup also includes people from the outer islands within the State, which comprise multiple regional ethnicities.
Pogonia coat of arms
These badges were inherited from one generation to other.
They didn't changed anything in their badges except if they did some offence and were forced to change the heraldic sign on the shield. 
The oldest son inherited thecoat of arms of family in West Europe, and must to add some special changes in it. 
Four versions of coat of arms Pogonia are known in heraldry.
They are different in color of shield.
One of them are in red, other in gold color.
Poetry analysis
Like Shakespeare's "Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer's Day", this poem uses a sustained image to describe another person.
Frost draws out an extended comparison between a woman and a silken tent in order to make some essential aspect of the woman's character real and available to the reader.
Some people would experience numerous relationships and the obligations they entail as something entangling, binding, or limiting. 
She seems to be very much at ease in this situation, so much so that she and those around her are only likely to be aware of their bounds and limits in unusual circumstances. 
Poetry Slam, Inc.
Though poetry slams are maintained in a growing number of cities by local volunteer organizers, the vast majority of slam series follow the rules established by PSI, PSI's founders and its members.
The Executive Council, headed by a seven-member Executive Council of poets and slam organizers, and voted on by representatives of local slams (SlamMasters), maintains a vigilant watch of poetry slam series worldwide, insuring that slam maintains itself as an art form open to all competitors.
Through the certification process and its annual organizational meetings, PSI has created the backbone for a community of poets who are in frequent communication with one another, in order to pool ideas and share creative resources to insure the future growth and recognition of slam.
Poets from the community frequently embark on poetry tours in other slam cities, relying on each other to set up the venues and housing necessary for such tours.
Poetry
The ghazal (Arabic: ghazal, Persian: ghazel, Turkish/Azerbaijani: gazel, Urdu: gazal, Bengali/Sylheti: gozol) is a form of poetry common in Arabic, Persian, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Urdu and Bengali poetry.
This refrain may be of one or several syllables, and is preceded by a rhyme.
Each couplet forms a complete thought and stands alone, and the overall ghazal often reflects on a theme of unattainable love or divinity.
The last couplet generally includes the signature of the author.
Poetry
In many languages, including modern European languages and Arabic, poets use rhyme in set patterns as a structural element for specific poet forms, such as ballads, sonnets and rhyming couplets.
Irish poetry also employed rhyme relatively early, and may have influenced the development of rhyme in other European languages. 
Some rhyming schemes have become associated with a specific language, culture or period, while other rhyming schemes have achieved use across languages, cultures or time periods.
Some forms of poetry carry a consistent and well-defined rhyming scheme, such as the chant royal or the rubaiyat, while other poetic forms have variable rhyme schemes.
Poe Toaster
On August 15, 2007, the 'Baltimore Sun' broke the story that 92-year old Sam Porpora claimed that he had started the Poe Toaster tradition.
Porpora, who had been given the title of historian for the Westminster Church in the late 1960s, claimed that he started the tradition to reinvigorate the church and its congregation.
Jeff Jerome, of the Edgar Allan Poe Society, however, says the tradition was real and that the earliest newspaper article about the Poe Toaster dates back to 1950, predating Porpora's claims that he made it up in 1967.
Jeff Savoye, another officer in the Edgar Allan Poe Society, also questions his claims.
Podophyllin
Podophyllin has been used to remove genital warts since its efficacy was first demonstrated in 1942, although the reliability of this early report has been questioned.
Petroleum jelly, such as Vaseline, may be used to protect normal tissue near the warts from irritation.
A health professional usually applies the resin once a week for at least 6 weeks or until warts disappear.
It is unstable and therefore must be prepared shortly before use, which has possibly led to the lower efficacy shown in some clinical trials. 
Podex
To commence play, the bowler at one end throws the ball underarm towards the stumps at the opposite end; this ball may not bounce before the stumps (should the batsman fail to connect with it), nor travel too high or too low (both of which should be called as such by the umpire, as thus become 'no-balls').
As in cricket, a batsman may hit a no-ball without risk of being caught or bowled, though he may be run out if he opts to make runs.
If the batsman fails to hit the ball, and the ball does not hit the stumps, the second bowler (at the end to which the ball has just been bowled) collects the ball and may then bowl it back to the second batsman at the opposite end.
This sequence continues until one or other of the batsman makes a legal hit.
Poczobutt (crater)
The outer rim now forms an irregular ring of peaks, broken in several locations by small craters.
The most intact portion of the rim is a small arc along the eastern side.
However there is a level plain in the eastern half of the interior that is almost flat and featureless.
This region is marked only by a few low ridges around the fringes and some tiny craterlets.
Pocket universe
Notable pocket universes include:
Pocket Realities are usually presented in the Marvel Universe as either comparatively small reachable but separate "dimensions", such as realms of magic with recurrently greatly diverging laws of physics, or as contained within/linked to outwardly small objects with tesseract qualities, that make them far larger on the inside than the outside, such as the (from inside apparently full-sized) universe within the Soul Gem or the Heroes Reborn sphere.
The container in which Chichikov stores his deeds and other items in Dead Souls
All variations of the Poké Ball in the Pokémon games, manga and anime.
The Room of Requirement at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the 'Harry Potter' series
Bags of holding and portable holes from Dungeons and Dragons (literally a "pocket" universe in some cases)
Demiplanes in the D&D cosmology
The interior of a TARDIS, from Doctor Who (and, indeed, the pockets of the Doctor's coat)
The Tesseracted Volume of Dr. Reed Richards, of the 'Fantastic Four'
The 'Land of the Lost'
Hammerspace, a humorous concept used by fans to explain where cartoon characters are able to pull items from "out of nowhere."
In the 853rd century DC Universe, as seen in 'DC One Million', every city in the Solar System is built into its own pocket universe, leaving the planetary surfaces almost untouched.
Photon Nanotrance technology found in Phantasy Star Universe
Omnyou Mystics from the anime series Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi main responsibility was to create an alternative universe for people when something tragic had happened to them.
The D'ni used books to for many things, refuge, prison, industry, ex.
In the final season Andromeda (TV series), Dylan Hunt, and the rest of the crew of the Andromeda discover that the Seefera System is an artificial Solar System created by the Vedrans and placed inside a Pocket Universe in order to hide Tarn Vedra and to create a braking system for Trance's sun when it returns to the system.
The surfaces of each world in the popular game Kingdom Hearts.
Terranigma features a small box which Ark carries with him, that he can climb into to find various rooms including an armory, inventory screen and study.
In the videogame Chrono Trigger, Lavos has its own pocket universe.
In Superman continuity the Phantom Zone is often depicted as a pocket dimension.
In the 'Master of Orion' series, part of the story involves the orion race imprisoning their enemies, the antaran race, along with their entire home star system inside what is stated to be a 'pocket dimension'.
In the 'Kirby: Right Back at Ya!' anime series, rather than into any particular organ, what Kirby consumes seems to enter a 'pocket universe' of sorts, depicted with a backdrop of outer space.
The construct of the academy in both the series, manga, video-game, movie and the manga based on the movie is shown to be a form of "another" world where extraordinary things happen without any 'logical' reason - also the whole storyline faces a theme to break free from the academy and go to the Outside World.
Pocket billiards
Other than the table having pockets, the balls for pocket billiards are generally smaller and range from in diameter to in diameter.
(By comparison Carom billiard balls are generally , or.
While UMB, the International Olympic Committee-recognized world carom billiards authority, permits balls as small as , no major manufacturer produces such balls any longer, and the 'de facto' standard is.
Modern cues are generally long for pocket billiards while cues prior to 1980 were designed for 'straight pool' and had an average length of , while carom billiards cues are generally long.
Poached egg
Fresh eggs will yield the best results.
To prevent dispersion of the white of the egg, a small amount of vinegar may be added to the boiling water.
Stirring the water vigorously to create a vortex may reduce said dispersion.
Special pans, with several small cups, allow a number of eggs to be poached at the same time; silicone "poach pods" allow one egg to be poached without risk of dispersion.
Pneumonia
When pleural fluid is present in a person with pneumonia, the fluid can often be collected with a needle (thoracentesis) and examined.
Depending on the results of this examination, complete drainage of the fluid may be necessary, often requiring a chest tube.
In severe cases of empyema, surgery may be needed.
If the fluid is not drained, the infection may persist, because antibiotics do not penetrate well into the pleural cavity.
Pneumocystis pneumonia
The complete life-cycles of any of the species of 'Pneumocystis' are not known, but presumably all resemble the others in the genus. 
The trophozoite stage is thought to be equivalent to the so-called vegetative state of other species (such as 'Schizosaccharomyces pombe') which, like 'Pneumocystis' belong to the Taphrinomycotina branch of the fungal kingdom. 
The cysts often collapse forming crescent-shaped bodies visible in stained tissue.
It is not known for certain if meiosis takes place within the cysts, or what the genetic status is of the various cell types. 
Plyskiv, Ukraine
All of the Jews of Pliskov stayed in the town, and most of the blame fell upon the Stalin regime.
Ivanko announced that all Jews of Pliskov would be deprived of all their rights and personal property, and every Ukrainian could take possession of that property except for gold, platinum, silver and other valuables which would pass to Germany.
Not that many people were willing to so.
Those who survived the Holocaust of 1941-1945 have moved to many countries.
Plymouth, Massachusetts
Plymouth has many distinct geographical features. 
Plymouth contains several small ponds scattered throughout its western quadrant, the largest being the Great Herring Pond (which is partly in the town of Bourne).
A major feature of the town is the Myles Standish State Forest, which is in the southwestern region.
There is also a smaller town forest, as well as several parks, recreation areas and beaches.
Plymouth State University
Plymouth State University's athletic teams are known as the Panthers.
PSU competes in NCAA Division III Little East Conference (LEC) for most of its intercollegiate sports.
It is most widely known for its successes in men's football, basketball, and soccer, and women's field hockey, swimming and diving, and volleyball. 
Every year the President's Cup is awarded to the school which has more victories in total sports competitions against each other.
Plymouth Country Club
Today, PCC is owned by its 300+ members and is regarded as one of the finest courses in Massachusetts. 
PCC hosts the annual Hornblower Memorial tournament (now in its 5th decade), which draws some of the best amateur players from across New England and the Northeast. 
PCC, which overlooks Plymouth Bay, is located a few miles from Plymouth Rock, Plimoth Plantation and the 'Mayflower II' near the junction of Route 3A and the Plimoth Plantation Highway.
The membership waiting list is generally in the 2- to 3-year area.
Plymouth Colony
Word quickly spread among the Native American tribes of Standish's attack; many Native Americans abandoned their villages and fled the area.
As noted by Philbrick: "Standish's raid had irreparably damaged the human ecology of the region...It was some time before a new equilibrium came to the region."
Philbrick (2006) pp 154–155 Edward Winslow, in his 1624 memoirs 'Good News from New England', reports that "they forsook their houses, running to and fro like men distracted, living in swamps and other desert places, and so brought manifold diseases amongst themselves, whereof very many are dead".
Rather than strengthening their position, Standish's raid had disastrous consequences for the colony, as attested William Bradford, who in a letter to the Merchant Adventurers noted "[W]e had much damaged our trade, for there where we had [the] most skins the Indians are run away from their habitations..."
Plymouth Colony
Children generally remained in the direct care of their mothers until the age of about eight years old, after which time it was not uncommon for the child to be placed in the foster care of another family.
There were any number of reasons for a child to be "put-out" in this manner.
Some children were placed into households to learn a trade, others to be taught to read and write.
It seems that there was, as with almost every decision in the colony, a theological reason for fostering children. 
By placing a child in the care of another family, there was little danger of a child being spoiled.
Plymouth Brethren
Following the "Remembrance" meeting, there may be one other Sunday meeting, or perhaps more.
Whereas the purpose of the Lord's Supper is predominantly for worship, recalling the person and work of Christ, other meetings will involve Bible teaching, evangelism and gospel preaching (among young and old).
Sunday Schools and Bible classes are common.
Bible teaching may be given either in the form of a ministry meeting in which a sermon is delivered or in a "Bible reading" or "Bible study," in which the men discuss a portion of Scripture.
Pluton
Plutons include batholiths, dikes, sills, laccoliths, lopoliths, and other igneous bodies.
In practice, "pluton" usually refers to a distinctive mass of igneous rock, typically kilometers in dimension, without a tabular shape like those of dikes and sills.
Batholiths commonly are aggregations of plutons.
The most common rock types in plutons are granite, granodiorite, tonalite, and quartz diorite.
Pluteus cervinus
It is found on rotten logs, roots and tree stumps and is widely distributed. 
It can also grow on sawdust and other wood waste.
Being very variable in appearance, it has been divided into several varieties or subspecies, some of which are sometimes considered species in their own right. 
It is edible, but not often collected for the table.
Pluralism (political theory)
Pluralists emphasize that power is not a physical entity that individuals either have or do not have, but flows from a variety of different sources.
Rather, people are powerful because they control various resources.
Resources are assets that can be used to force others to do what one wants.
Politicians become powerful because they command resources that people want or fear or respect.
Plural quantification
Such views make the 'singularist assumption', that every plural predication is at its root a singular predication, thus making it possible to apply the framework of standard first-order logic.
No set ever surrounds a building, though its members may.
The fact that some individuals are surrounding a building does not automatically imply that some single individual (of any kind) surrounds the building.
Plural noun phrases can refer to several things. 
Plumbago drawing
Two other Englishmen should be referred to, Robert and George White, father and son.
The former (1645-1704) was a pupil of Loggan and a prolific engraver, and most of his drawings, executed on vellum, were for the purpose of engraving.
George White (c. 1684-1732) was taught by his father, and finished some of his fathers plates. 
By Robert White there are remarkable portraits of Bunyan and Sir Matthew Hale in the British Museum, and his own portrait at Welbeck; and by him and his son there are other drawings in private collections, depicting Sir Godfrey Kneller, Archbishop Tenison and others.
Plumage
Almost all species of birds moult at least annually, usually after the breeding season, known as the 'pre-basic moult'.
This resulting covering of feathers, which will last either until the next breeding season or until the next annual moult, is known as the 'basic plumage'.
Many species undertake another moult prior to the breeding season known as the 'pre-alternate moult', the resulting breeding plumage being known as the 'alternate plumage' or 'nuptial plumage'.
The alternate plumage is often brighter than the basic plumage, for the purposes of sexual display, but may also be cryptic in order to hide incubating birds that might be vulnerable on the nest.
Plum, Pennsylvania
The majority of Oakmont Country Club is within Plum's borders.
The course has been consistently ranked as one of the five best by Golf Digest 100 Greatest Golf Courses in America.
It is one of only a few courses ranked every year in the top ten of the publication's history.
It hosted its eighth U.S. Open in 2007, the most of any course.
Plum curculio
It may also survive on wild plum, hawthorn, and crabapple.
It is found most commonly in areas east of the Rocky Mountains and in eastern Canada.
The beetles are most active during the spring time when the weather is warm, damp, and cloudy.
They are often seen in heavy leafed trees.
Plucky Duck
In one short, Baby Plucky discovers that items in the toilet bowl disappear when the toilet is flushed ("Water go down the 'hoooOOolle'."), and proceeds to flush various items simply to watch them vanish, not realizing until far too late that he was clogging the plumbing.
In another, Baby Plucky and his mother (who was heard but only shown from the waist down, similar to the appearances of Nanny on the animated series 'Muppet Babies' and the characters of Mom and Dad from 'Cow and Chicken') visit a shopping mall and Plucky's obsession with an elevator ("Wanna go on the el-a-lator.
Yet another cartoon has Baby Plucky and his father (also seen only from the waist down) playing miniature golf, in which Plucky manages to infuriate his father by either hitting the golfball too lightly or hitting it so hard that it bounces off things and injures Plucky's dad, often by striking him in the groin.
At the end of the episode he hits the "free game" button so hard he gets several dozen balls.
Plovdiv
The Bulgarians are a majority followed by Gypsies and Turks.
The vast majority of the inhabitants are Christians - mostly Eastern Orthodox, but there are also Catholics, Eastern Catholics and Protestant trends (Adventists, Baptists and others).
There are also some Muslims and Jews.
In Plovdiv there are many churches, two mosques and a synagogue.
Plotinus
At the age of forty, during the reign of Philip the Arab, he came to Rome, where he stayed for most of the remainder of his life.
There he attracted a number of students.
Other students included: Zethos, an Arab by ancestry who died before Plotinus, leaving him a legacy and some land; Zoticus, a critic and poet; Paulinus, a doctor of Scythopolis; and Serapion from Alexandria.
SBL. who say that "to gain some credible chronology, one assumes that Ariston married Amphicleia some time after Plotinus's death" Finally, Plotinus was a correspondent of the philosopher Cassius Longinus.
Plomin
'Plomin' is a village in the Croatian part of Istria, situated approximately 11 km north of Labin, on an 80 meters high hill.
It is a popular destination for tourists traveling through Istria by road.
Originally named 'Flanona', the settlement was built in Roman times, above the bay bearing the same name.
However, it has since been repopulated, and is today home to approximately 130 people.
The buildings in the town are several hundred years old, built on the ruins of the original Roman houses.
Pleural empyema
A chest tube may be inserted, often using ultrasound guidance.
If this is insufficient, surgical debridement of the pleural space may be required.
This is frequently done using thoracoscopic techniques but if the the disease is chronic, a limited thoracotomy may be necessary to fully drain the empyema and remove the filbrinopurulent excudate from the lung and from the chest wall.
To combat this problem, surgeons will often place large bore chest tubes, or more than one chest tube.
Pleopeltis polypodioides
This fern is an epiphyte, or air plant, which means it attaches itself to other plants and gets its nutrients from the air and from water and nutrients that collect on the outer surface of bark.
The Resurrection fern lives on the branches of large trees such as cypresses and can often be seen carpeting the shady areas on limbs of large oak trees.
However, it is known to grow on the surfaces of rocks and dead logs as well.
It is often found in the company of other epiphytic plants such as Spanish moss.
Pleopeltis polypodioides
In this way, they can rehydrate the quickest when rain comes, as most of the water is absorbed on the underside of the leaf blades.
Experiments have shown that they can lose almost all their free water and remain alive - up to 97%, though more typically they only lose around 76% in dry spells (Moran 2004). 
For comparison, most other plants would die after losing only 8-12%.
This fern can lose almost all the water not hydrating the cells in its leaves and survive.
Pleonasm
Redundancy, and "useless" or "nonsensical" words (or phrases, or morphemes) can also be inherited by one language from the influence of another, and are not pleonasms in the more critical sense, but actual changes in grammatical construction considered to be required for "proper" usage in the language or dialect in question.
Irish English, for example, is prone to a number of constructions that non-Irish speakers find strange and sometimes directly confusing or silly:: "I'm after' put'ting' it on the table."
This common possessive-seeming construction often confuses the non-Irish enough that they do not at first understand what is meant.
Even "'have a 'look at that man' there'" is arguably further doubly redundant, in that a shorter "look at that man" version would convey essentially the same meaning.): "She's my wife' so she is'."
Pleonasm
In many cases of semantic pleonasm, the status of a word as pleonastic depends on context. 
In fact, many examples of redundant expressions are not inherently redundant, but can be redundant if used one way, and are not redundant if used another way. 
Many other examples of pleonasm are redundant only if the speaker's knowledge is taken into account. 
For example, most English speakers would agree that "tuna fish" is redundant because tuna is a kind of fish.
Pleasure Ridge Park, Louisville
This shopping center also has a retail building built suited for several tenants.
Since the completion of the Greenbelt, many subdivisions have been built along or near the belt to allow for easy access to I-264 and I-265.
A popular teen nightclub, the Electric Cowboy, also opened in 2007 near the corner of Dixie Highway and Greenwood Road.
This club opened in a newly built retail center that houses several other tenants.
Pleasure Factory
It was acclaimed by European critics who attended the premiere screening.
Nana A. T. Rebhan of Germany's arts and culture Channel Arte described the film as a "convincing portrait of a never-before-seen red-light district" and said "what makes this movie so special are the moments when people in the 'factory' step out of their usual rhythms - not functioning the way they should, unsure of their own actions and emotions."
However, a controversial scene in which a young Chinese Singaporean man (Zihan Loo) is shown stripping off his clothes, initially with a leg raised to hide his genitals, until he is totally frontally naked with his erecting penis fully exposed, and then masturbates his penis (sliding his foreskin all the way back), culminating in his fully exposed partially-erect penis shown being flicked against his stomach several times as it gradually extends and raises upwards into a full adult erection, with his glans head and frenulum fully exposed, was removed by Singaporean and Malaysian censors prior to distribution (but remains in the international version).
However, the approach of the film was described by other critics as "characterized by a unique tenderness." 
Pleasure Beach Blackpool
In September 2007, the Pleasure Beach was judged joint fifth best amusement park in the world (with Disneyland in California, United States) in the 'Amusement Today Golden Ticket Awards' – the self-proclaimed Oscars of the amusement industry.
Pleasure Beach was also the highest ranked European park in the awards and was voted second best seaside park in the world.
It is currently named as the UK's largest and most popular tourist attraction by the 'British Tourist Board' exceeding 6 million visitors a year.
Doris Thompson received a number of awards for her commitment to the park.
Pleasure Beach Blackpool
After failing to become an advertising man on New York's Madison Avenue, Bean returned to the UK in 1896 and having experienced the Coney Island funfair decided to open his own small business in Great Yarmouth, consisting of numerous small merry-go-rounds and a pedal-bike monorail called Hotchkiss's Patent Bicycle Railroad.
Business in Bean's funfair was tight, and shortly afterward Bean dismantled the property and moved to Blackpool which was at the time (and remains to this day as) the busiest and most popular seaside resort in the United Kingdom. 
In 1903 Bean along with businessman John Outhwaite purchased 30 acres of land known as the "Watson Estate" to be rented out by various trade stalls and traditional fairground rides.
After months of success, the park started to seal itself as a major attraction outside of the United States.
Please Give Me a Job!
'Please Give Me a Job!' is a Malaysian reality television programme produced by Red Communications and 8TV which features 10 fresh graduates vying for job placements in various companies.
In each episode, the contestants compete in groups and take on various tasks.
Throughout the show, contestants are to take on various challenges from companies of different iindustries.
After each challenge, the management of each company will choose a number of contestants which they feel fit to be interviewed and one of them will eventually be given the job opening.
Please Forgive Me
It is among his greatest and most popular song. 
The song was praised by critics on release. 
It also among his best chart performing song. 
It is known as among the greatest power ballad ever. 
Pleasant Rowland
The company's growth was rapid as it added dolls, books, clothing for dolls and girls, and numerous other accessories, such as dollhouses and children's furniture.
In marketing synergy, her company created stores in major cities, events, and films planned around the dolls and their accessories.
For instance, parents may pay to reserve space at stores for American Girl parties for their daughters and friends.
Stores have public restaurants where mothers and daughters can have tea or other meals.
Plaçage
When Creole men reached an age when they were expected to marry, some were content to keep their relationships with their placées. 
One with a white woman to whom he was legally married, and the other with a light-skinned Creole woman of color, a placée, who was faithful to him until death.
Their mixed-race children became the nucleus of the class of free people of color or gens de couleur in Louisiana, to be replenished with waves of refugees and immigrants from Haiti and other Francophone colonies.
The descendants of the 'gens de couleur' also constituted a part of what later became known as the black middle class in the United States; however, most Creoles of color deem themselves as neither White nor black and constitute a nation within a nation.
Plaçage
Recently, it's been alleged that Dumesnil de Glapion was so in love with Marie, he refused to live separately from his placée according to racial custom. 
In an unusual decision, Dumesnil de Glapion passed as a man of color in order to live with her under respectable circumstances--thus explaining the confusion many historians have had whether he was truly white or black. 
Although it is popularly thought that Marie presented Dumesnil de Glapion with fifteen children, only five are listed in vital statistics and of these, two daughters--one the famous Marie Euchariste or Marie Leveau II--lived to adulthood.
Marie Euchariste closely resembled her mother and startled many who thought that Marie Leveau had been resurrected by the black arts, or could be at two places at once, beliefs that the daughter did little to correct. 
Plaçage
'Plaçage' was a recognized extralegal system in which white French and Spanish and later Creole men entered into the equivalent of common-law marriages with women of African, Indian and white (European) Creole descent.
The women were not legally recognized as wives, but were known as 'placées'; their relationships were recognized among the free people of color as 'mariages de la main gauche' or 'left-handed marriages'.
Many were often quarteronnes or quadroons, the offspring of a European and a mulatto, but plaçage did occur between whites and mulattoes and blacks.
Plaçage, however, drew most of its fame—and notoriety—from its open application in New Orleans.
Playoffs
In the U.S. and Canada, the vast distances and consequent burdens on cross-country travel have led to regional groupings of teams, usually called 'divisions.'
Since every team has not necessarily had a chance to prove itself against every other team, a playoff is necessary every season.
As playoffs became more popular, they were expanded to allow teams that finished second or even lower in the grouping to participate.
If a team has to be the best of all the lower-ranked teams, these teams are known as wild card teams, such as in the Major League Baseball system.
Playoff (golf)
An aggregate playoff consists of a series of extra holes, usually three or four, with the player with the lowest cumulative score being declared the winner.
If there is still a tie after completion of these holes, then further sudden death holes are usually played.
This is widely considered to be the fairest way of deciding a winner, as one bad shot does not eliminate all chances of winning, and is used in two of the four men's major championships. 
One flaw of this system is that it takes longer to complete, meaning that a tournament may risk not being over before sunset.
Playing card
The standard 52-card deck is commonly known as a "poker" deck in Taiwan, Japan, China, and South Korea.
Alternatively, a more common name in Japan and Korea for the same deck is trump (???? torampu, ??? teureompeu respectively) which comes from the term trump card.
These cards are most often used for baccarat and blackjack in casinos, or deciding the order of play or challenge in games of billiards.
Poker itself and other western games are relatively unknown; however, there do exist East Asian games using the poker deck, such as Daifugo and Two-ten-jack.
Player versus player
Dueling ladders and leagues setup by fans are common for most MMORPGs that have PvP.
'Dark Age of Camelot' was the first graphical MMORPG to debut a formal dueling system ingame (Ballista); other MMORPGs such as 'City of Heroes', 'World of Warcraft', 'Guild Wars', 'Lineage 2' and 'RuneScape' feature PvP as competitive, consensual dueling in a group setting.
This removes the unpredictable element from PvP, allowing players to challenge each other on "even" ground.
Dueling is often considered an inferior and less challenging form of PvP by the more hardcore PvP communities. 
Playchess
Chessbase provides the proprietary Playchess software, which is included with popular computer chess software like Fritz, Junior or Shredder.
Alternately, users may download the client software, a pared down version of the Fritz GUI.
New users may try the server for a short period of time before access requires a serial number.
Guests may always log in for free, but have limited access.
The software has functions to try to detect players using the assistance of chess programs (mainly by task switching).
This is a competitor to other commercial servers, such as Internet Chess Club (ICC), World Chess Live (WCL) and the non-commercial Free Internet Chess Server (FICS).
Playas de Rosarito, Baja California
Post incorporation has marked major improvements in infrastructure.
Due to rapid growth, some streets are indeed still unpaved, however the vast majority of streets have been improved with pavement, curbs and street lights.
The city announced in late 2008 that the Baja water and sewer utility was expediting completion of major projects and paving would soon be complete.
The major downtown corridor, Boulevard Benito Juarez, is on a steady rejuvenation plan, where all new period street lights, wide sidewalks, curbs and gutters are being constructed.
PlayStation Home
The user can create their own avatar or use one of several preset avatars available in Home.
Users can access the Wardrobe from the Menu Pad at any time and location except when in another user's personal apartment.
They may customise a variety of the characters features including gender, skin tone, hair, body shape and facial structure.
They may also customise their avatar's clothing and accessories using a set of standard items, items bought from one of the clothing shops in Home's shopping complex, or won items from Home's mini-games or PS3 games that support Home rewards.
PlayStation 3 games
At E3 2007, Sony was able to show a number of their upcoming video games for the PlayStation 3, including 'Heavenly Sword', 'Lair', 'Ratchet & Clank Future: Tools of Destruction', 'Warhawk' and 'Uncharted: Drake's Fortune'; all of which were released in the third and fourth quarters of 2007.
They also showed off a number of titles that were set for release in 2008 and 2009; most notably 'Killzone 2', 'Infamous', 'Gran Turismo 5 Prologue', 'LittleBigPlanet' and 'SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Confrontation'.
A number of third-party exclusives were also shown, including 'Haze', 'Unreal Tournament 3' and the highly-anticipated 'Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots', alongside other high-profile third-party titles such as 'Grand Theft Auto 4', 'Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare', 'Assassin's Creed', 'Devil may Cry 4' and 'Resident Evil 5'. 
Two other important exclusive titles for the PlayStation 3, 'Final Fantasy Versus XIII' and 'White Knight Chronicles', were shown at TGS 2007 in order to appease the Japanese market.
PlayStation 3
The updates can be acquired in several ways:
If the PlayStation 3 has an active Internet connection, updates may be downloaded directly from the PlayStation Network to the PS3 and subsequently installed.
Using an external PC, a user may download the update from the official PlayStation website, transfer it to portable storage media, and install it on the System.
This may be due to the game requiring the update in order to run.
If so, the software may be installed from the disc.
PlayStation 3
At E3 2007, Sony was able to show a number of their upcoming video games for the PlayStation 3, including 'Heavenly Sword', 'Lair', 'Ratchet & Clank Future: Tools of Destruction', 'Warhawk' and 'Uncharted: Drake's Fortune'; all of which were released in the third and fourth quarters of 2007.
They also showed off a number of titles that were set for release in 2008 and 2009; most notably 'Killzone 2', 'Infamous', 'Gran Turismo 5 Prologue', 'LittleBigPlanet' and 'SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Confrontation'.
A number of third-party exclusives were also shown, including the highly-anticipated 'Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots', alongside other high-profile third-party titles such as 'Grand Theft Auto 4', 'Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare', 'Assassin's Creed', 'Devil May Cry 4' and 'Resident Evil 5'.
Two other important titles for the PlayStation 3, 'Final Fantasy XIII' and 'Final Fantasy Versus XIII', were shown at TGS 2007 in order to appease the Japanese market.
PlayStation
It was more expensive than the original PlayStation, colored black instead of the usual gray, and most importantly, came with tools and instructions that allowed a user to be able to program PlayStation games and applications without the need for a full developer suite, which cost many times the amount of a PlayStation and was only available to approved video game developers.
Naturally, the Net Yaroze lacked many of the features the full developer suite provided. 
The amount of space may seem small, but games like Ridge Racer ran entirely from the system RAM (except for the streamed music tracks).
It would not however play CDR discs, so it was not possible to create self-booting Yaroze games without a modified Playstation.
PlayChoice-10
Nintendo packed its most popular games into a machine case and called it the PlayChoice-10.
The machine was compatible with the NES, but with some key differences.
Normal NES cartridges could not be used; rather, the PlayChoice used special expansion cards containing (usually unmodified) NES games along with an extra 8KB ROM to display hints.
It is in fact possible to replace the NES PPU with the PlayChoice-10 PPU, allowing it to output RGB natively. 
Play (Moby album)
While some of Moby's earlier work garnered critical and commercial success within the electronic dance music scene, 'Play' was his first true pop success. 
The album introduced Moby to a worldwide mainstream audience, not only through a large number of hit singles (that helped the album to dominate worldwide charts during over two years), but also through unprecedented licensing of his music in films, television and commercial advertisements.
It eventually became the biggest-selling album of its genre , with over 10 million copies sold worldwide.
According to Rolling Stone, "'Play' wasn't the first album to make a rock star out of an insular techno nerdnik, but it was the first to make one a pop sensation. (...) 'Play' made post-modernism cuddly, slowly but surely striking a chord with critics and record-buyers alike."
Plautus
One of the most important echoes of Plautus is the stock character of the parasite.
Certainly the best example of this is Falstaff, Shakespeare's portly and cowardly knight.
As J. W. Draper notes, the gluttonous Falstaff shares many characteristics with a parasite such as Artotrogus from 'Miles Gloriosus.'
Of course, Draper notes that Falstaff is also something of a boastful military man, but notes, “Falstaff is so complex a character that he may well be, in effect, a combination of interlocking types.”
Plautdietsch
The most famous Plautdietsch writer, Arnold Dyck, wrote in the Molotschna dialect, though his origins were from the Old Colony. 
During his life he made many changes in his spelling system.
His developments are the basis for the various spellings used today.
The latter two claim to write in the Old Colony dialect, as seen in their verb endings, while the other three use the Plautdietsch as spoken by the descenders of the Bergthal Colony, i. e. the Old Colony dialect with a loss of -n endings.
Platypus
Low Platypus numbers in northern Australia are possibly due to predation by crocodiles. 
The introduction of red foxes as a predator for rabbits may have had some impact on its numbers on the mainland. 
The Platypus is generally regarded as nocturnal and crepuscular, but individuals are also active during the day, particularly when the sky is overcast. 
It may have a range of up to , with male's home ranges overlapping with those of 3 or 4 females.
Platte Canyon
It is often applied to the communities along the North Fork near Bailey.
The narrowest part of the canyon is a remote and roadless gorge (Waterton Canyon) approximately 8 miles (13 km) long, at its lower extremity between the hamlet of South Platte and Kassler, where it emerges from the mountains.
On this section, the canyon has walls that rise approximately 1000 ft (300 m) from the river bed.
The river drops from an elevation of approximately 6100 ft at South Platte at the head of the gorge to approximately 5500 ft at the canyon mouth.
Platt, Austria
Platt is situated on one of the most active segments of the Diendorf fault line, a geological disturbance traversing Lower Austria from Wieselburg and Melk to Mautern, Krems and Maissau, then continues northward towards the Czech border.
Its movements do not primarily result in earthquakes but rather in the slow but constant formation of subterranean clefts and cavities which destabilize the ground and cause significant damage even to major buildings with strong foundations.
This might be the reason for the unexplained disappearance of a building of local significance (sometimes referred to as a castle) which was independently documented by several sources in the early 17th century but was gone by the 1670s, apparently without leaving permanent traces. 
It has been suggested that the building became a victim of the Diendorf fault, but it is also possible that it was destroyed by invading Swedish troops during the final phase of the Thirty Years' War: in 1645, the headquarters for Swedish army operations in Lower Austria had been established in the immediate vicinity, at the castle of Schrattenthal. 
Platoon
In the Canadian Army, the infantry Platoon Commander is a Lieutenant or Second Lieutenant, assisted by a Platoon Warrant (who may hold the rank of Warrant Officer, but is often a Sergeant).
It is usually divided into three eight man sections and a heavy weapons detachment which will deploy a GPMG, Carl Gustav, and/or 60 mm mortar depending on mission requirements.
Specialist platoons may be led by a Captain, assisted by a Warrant Officer.
In many corps, platoon-sized units are called troops instead.
Platonic realism
In Platonic realism, forms are related to 'particulars' (instances of objects and properties) in that a particular is regarded as a copy of its form.
For example, a particular apple is said to be a copy of the form of 'Applehood' and the apple's redness is an instance of the form of 'Redness'.
'Participation' is another relationship between forms and particulars.
Particulars are said to 'participate' in the forms, and the forms are said to 'inhere' in the particulars.
Platonic epistemology
The strongest and best source of light is the sun; with it, we can discern objects clearly.
Thus, if we attempt to understand why things are as they are, and what general categories can be used to understand various particulars around us, without reference to any forms (universals) we will fail completely.
By contrast, "the domain where truth and reality shine resplendent" is none other than Plato's world of forms—illuminated by the highest of the forms, that of the Good.
Since true being resides in the world of the forms, we must direct our intellect there to have knowledge; otherwise, we are stuck with mere opinion of what may be likened to passing shadows.
Platonia dilemma
They were also explicitly permitted to submit as many entries as they wished by sending in a single postcard bearing the number of entries they wished to submit.
Thus a reader who submitted a large number of entries increased his or her chances of winning but reduced the maximum possible value of the prize.
It can be shown mathematically that one maximizes one's average winnings in this game by submitting a number of entries equal to the total number of entries of others.
Of course, if others take this into account, then this becomes a dubious strategy.
Plato's five regimes
He gives a detailed account of the problems usually faced by the oligarchies of his days, which he considered as significantly more troubled than the former system, that of timocracy.
The following are examples of such problems:
the very distribution of political power in an oligarchy, which prevents wise and virtuous, but poor, men from influencing public life, whilst opening such possibility to the rich but incompetent ones;
an oligarchy is invariably divided, in the one hand, between very rich men, its governors; and, on the other hand, very poor men.
Thus the poor ones become either beggars or thugs imbued with anger at their condition and a revolutionary spirit which threatens the internal stability of the state;
an oligarchy will usually perform poorly in military campaigns because the rich men, who are few, will make a small army, and they are afraid to give weapons to the majority, to the poor, due to fears of a revolution.
When a revolution does ensue, and the poor ones become victorious over the rich, the former expel the latter from the city, or kill them, and then they divide their properties between one another.
Platinum prints
The inherent low sensitivity of the process is because the ferric oxalate is sensitive to ultra-violet light only, thus specialized light sources must be used and exposure times are many times greater than those used in silver-based photographic processes.
The light sensitive chemicals are mixed from powdered basic chemicals, or some commercially available solutions , then hand applied with a brush or a cylindrical "pusher". 
Many artists achieve varying effects by choosing different papers for different surface characteristics, including vellum, rag, and rice, among others - even silk. 
On the collecting market, platinum prints often sell for many times what a similar silver-gelatin print would sell for.
Platform virtualization
The guest software is not limited to user applications; many hosts allow the execution of complete operating systems. 
The guest software executes as if it were running directly on the physical hardware, with several notable caveats. 
Access to physical system resources (such as the network access, display, keyboard, and disk storage) is generally managed at a more restrictive level than the processor and system-memory.
Guests are often restricted from accessing specific peripheral devices, or may be limited to a subset of the device's native capabilities, depending on the hardware access policy implemented by the virtualization host.
Platform game
Some argue that many modern 3D platformers , especially those influenced heavily by 'Mario 64' are not platformers at all, or at least are not really an extension of 2D platformers. 
'Super Mario 64' brought a change in the goals of some platformers. 
In most 2D platformers, the player only had to reach a single goal to complete a level, but in many 3D platformers , each level had to be combed for collectible items such as puzzle pieces ('Banjo-Kazooie') or stars ('Super Mario 64'). 
This allowed for more efficient use of large 3D areas and rewarded the player for thorough exploration, but they also often involved more elements of action-adventure games, and less jumping on platforms.
Plateau de Millevaches
The massif is generally densely wooded, with large areas of both coniferous forest and mixed woodland.
Among the broadleaf trees, birch and beech predominate, and many roads are lined with beeches.
The highest part of the massif, bounded roughly by the villages of Rempnat, Peyrelevade, Millevaches and Saint-Merd-les-Oussines, is the most densely wooded, with little agriculture or even stock-rearing intruding among the forests.
Elsewhere, there is a patchwork of woods and meadows, with herds of Limousin cattle dotting the landscape, and a few fields of maize or rye.
Plate tectonics
Significant progress was made in the 1960s, and was prompted by a number of discoveries , most notably the Mid-Atlantic ridge. 
The most notable was the 1962 publication of a paper by American geologist Harry Hammond Hess (Robert S. Dietz published the same idea one year earlier in 'Nature'. 
In 1967, W. Jason Morgan proposed that the Earth's surface consists of 12 rigid plates that move relative to each other.
Two months later, in 1968, Xavier Le Pichon published a complete model based on 6 major plates with their relative motions.
Plate girder bridge
In the deck-type bridge, a wood, steel or reinforced concrete bridge deck is supported on top of two or more plate girders, and may act compositely with them.
In the case of railroad bridges, the railroad ties themselves may form the bridge deck, or the deck may support ballast on which the track is laid.
Additional beams may span across between the main girders, for example in the form of bridge known as 'ladder-deck' construction.
Also, further elements may be attached to provide cross-bracing and prevent the girders from buckling.
Plastid
In plants, plastids may differentiate into several forms, depending upon which function they need to play in the cell.
Undifferentiated plastids ('proplastids') may develop into any of the following plastids:
Chloroplasts: for photosynthesis; 'see also etioplasts, the predecessors of chloroplasts'
Chromoplasts: for pigment synthesis and storage
Leucoplasts: for monoterpene synthesis; 'leucoplasts sometimes differentiate into more specialized plastids:'
Amyloplasts: for starch storage
Statoliths: for detecting gravity
Elaioplasts: for storing fat
Proteinoplasts: for storing and modifying protein
Each plastid creates multiple copies of the circular 75-250 kilo bases plastome.
The number of genome copies per plastid is flexible, ranging from more than 1000 in rapidly dividing cells, which generally contain few plastids, to 100 or fewer in mature cells, where plastid divisions has given rise to a large number of plastids.
Nuclear genes encode the vast majority of plastid proteins, and the expression of plastid genes and nuclear genes is tightly co-regulated to allow proper development of plastids in relation to cell differentiation.
Plastics engineering
In plastics engineering, as in most engineering disciplines, the economics of a product plays an important role.
Cost is often measured in price per pound of material, or price per unit volume of material.
In many cases however, it is important for a product to meet certain specifications , and cost could then be measured in price per unit of a property. 
Price with respect to processibility is often important, as some materials need to be processed at very high temperatures, increasing the amount of cooling time a part needs. 
Plastic shopping bag
Plastic bags are often made from polyethylene, which consists of a long chain of ethylene monomers.
Dixie Bag Co. of College Park GA, owned and operated by J.W. "The "Bagman" McBride was a leader in the new industry and hoped to bring convenient products to all major shopping stores.
From then on, the usage of plastic bags became common for carrying daily groceries from the store, to our vehicles, and finally to our homes.
As plastic bags increasingly replaced paper bags, and as other plastic materials and products replaced glass, metal, stone, timber and other materials, a erupted with plastic shopping bags at the centre of highly publicised battles.
Plastic model
Thus, models of minor and obscure subjects are often manufactured using alternative processes.
Vacuum forming is popular for aircraft models, though assembly is more difficult than for injection-molded kits.
Resin-casting, popular with smaller manufacturers, particularly 'Aftermarket' firms (but also producers of full kits) yields a greater degree of detail moulded in situ, but as the moulds used don't last as long, the price of such kits is considerably higher.
In recent times, the latest releases from major manufacturers offer unprecedented detail that is a match for the finest resin kits, often including high-quality mixed-media (photo-etched brass, turned aluminum) parts.
Plasterwork
Enrichments may be moldings added after the main outline molding is set, and are cast in molds made of gelatin or plaster of Paris.
For a cornice molding two running rules are usual, one on the wall, the other on the ceiling, upon which the mold is worked to and fro by one workman, while another man roughly lays on the plaster to the shape of the molding.
The miters at the angles are finished off with joint rules made of sheet steel of various lengths, three or four inches (102 mm) wide, and about one-eighth inch thick, with one end cut to an angle of about 30°.
In some cases the steel plate is let into a stock or handle of hardwood. 
Plasterer
Plasterwork is one of the most ancient of handicrafts employed in connection with building operations, the earliest evidence showing that the dwellings of primitive man were erected in a simple fashion with sticks and plastered with mud.
Soon a more lasting and sightly material was found and employed to take the place of mud or slime, and that perfection in the compounding of plastering materials was approached at a very remote period is made evident by the fact that some of the earliest plastering which has remained undisturbed excels in its scientific composition that which we use at the present day.
The pyramids in Egypt contain plasterwork executed at least four thousand years ago, probably much earlier, and yet existing, hard and durable, at the present time. 
The art had reached perfection in Greece more than five centuries before Christ, and plaster was frequently used to cover temples externally and internally, in some cases even where the building was of marble.
Plasterer
As a result of experiments to ascertain its strength as compared with Substitutes that of other materials, it was found that plaster for hair slabs made with Manila hemp fiber broke at , plaster mixed with Sisal hemp at , jute at , and goats' hair at. 
Two barrels of mortar were made up of equal proportions of lime and sand, one containing the usual quantity of goats' hair, and the other Manila fiber.
It was found that the hair had been almost entirely eaten away by the action of the lime, and the mortar consequently broke up and crumbled quite easily.
The mortar containing the Manila hemp, on the other hand, showed great cohesion, and required some effort to pull it apart, the hemp fiber being apparently quite uninjured.
Plaster veneer
Bare mud-and-tape drywall is generally only acceptable as a final decorating finish in utility spaces such as attics or garages. 
In most rooms, such walls are finished with paint or wallpaper.
Plaster veneer walls are usually similarly decorated, but unpainted plaster can also serve as a finish.
Because bare plaster can be appealing to the touch, and paint would add an additional layer, some decorators opt to leave exposed plaster in some or all of a room, as a creative choice. 
Plasmoid
Plasmoids can interact with each other, seemingly by reflecting off one another. 
Their orbits can also be made to curve toward one another.
Plasmoids can also be made to smash each other into fragments.
There is some scant evidence to support the hypothesis that they undergo fission and possess spin. 
Plasmodium
In the mosquito's midgut, the gametocytes develop into gametes and fertilize each other, forming motile zygotes called ookinetes.
Here they divide many times to produce large numbers of tiny elongated sporozoites.
The majority appear to be injected into the subcutaneous tissue from which they migrate into the capillaries.
A proportion are ingested by macrophages and still others are taken up by the lymphatic system where they are presumably destroyed.
Plasma stability
Ideal MHD instabilities driven by current or pressure gradients representthe ultimate operational limit for most configurations.
The long-wavelength kink mode and short-wavelengthballooning mode limits are generally well understood and can in principle be avoided.
Intermediate-wavelength modes (n ~ 5-10 modes encountered in tokamak edge plasmas, forexample) are less well understood due to the computationally intensive nature of the stabilitycalculations.
The extensive beta limit database for tokamaks is consistent with ideal MHD stability limits, yielding agreement to within about 10% in beta for cases where the internal profiles of theplasma are accurately measured.
This good agreement provides confidence in ideal stabilitycalculations for other configurations and in the design of prototype fusion reactors.
Planters
With internet culture rising to prominence in Hong Kong, there emerges a habit where netizens simply do not participate in Internet events, feuds and arguments, which are at many times considered plain silly, but just watch as the "show" goes on. 
Peanuts are a common snack consumed at performances and sports events, and so the image of Mr. Peanut, well-recognised in Hong Kong, is now associated on the internet with the habit of "watching a show and eating peanuts".
These people are referred to as ????? (Peanut Guys).
Mr. Peanut starred in a 2005 MasterCard commercial 'Icons' along with 9 other mascots from other companies having dinner.
Plantations of Ireland
By 1922, Unionists were in the majority in four of the nine counties of Ulster, though not the same counties that were planted.
Consequently, following the Anglo-Irish settlement of 1921, these four counties - and two others in which they formed a sizeable minority - remained in the United Kingdom to form Northern Ireland.
Consequently, this new state contained a sizable Catholic minority, some of whom claimed to be descendants of those dispossessed in the Plantations. 
The Troubles in Northern Ireland are therefore in some respects a continuation of the conflict arising from the plantations. 
Plantar fasciitis
Local injection of corticosteroids often gives temporary or permanent relief, but may be painful, especially if not combined with a local anesthetic and injected slowly with a small-diameter needle.
Recurrence rates may be lower if injection is performed under ultrasound guidance.
Repeated steroid injections may result in rupture of the plantar fascia.
While this may actually improve pain initially, it has deleterious long-term consequences.
Plant senescence
This is done mainly to mature leaves and roots and is for one of two reasons; either both the leaves and roots that are pruned are no longer efficient enough nutrient acquisition-wise or that energy and resources are needed in another part of the plant because that part of the plant is faltering in its resource acquisition.
Poor productivity reasons for plant self pruning - the plant rarely prunes young dividing meristematic cells, but if a fully grown mature cell is no longer acquiring nutrients that it should acquire, then it is pruned.
Shoot efficiency self pruning reasons - for instance, presumably a mature shoot cell must on average produce enough sugar, and acquire enough oxygen and carbon dioxide to support both it and a similar sized root cell.
Actually, since plants are obviously interested in growing it is arguable, that the "directive" of the average shoot cell, is to "show a profit" and produce or acquire more than enough sugar and gases than is necessary to support both it and a similar sized root cell.
If this "profit" isn't shown, the shoot cell is killed off and resources are redistributed to "promising" other young shoots or leaves in the hope that they will be more productive.
Root efficiency self pruning reasons - similarly a mature root cell must acquire on average, more than enough minerals and water needed to support both it and a similar sized shoot cell that does not acquire water and minerals.
If this does not happen, the root is killed off and resources sent to new young root candidates.
Shortage/need-based reason for plant self pruning - this is the other side of efficiency problems.
Plant physiology
Among the most important molecules for plant function are the pigments.
Plant pigments include a variety of different kinds of molecules, including porphyrins, carotenoids, and anthocyanins.
All biological pigments selectively absorb certain wavelengths of light while reflecting others.
The light that is absorbed may be used by the plant to power chemical reactions, while the reflected wavelengths of light determine the color the pigment will appear to the eye.
Plant hormone
They also promote the production of other hormones and in conjunction with cytokinins, they control the growth of stems, roots, fruits and convert stems into flowers.
Auxins are toxic to plants in large concentrations; they are most toxic to dicots and less so to monocots.
Auxins, especially 1-Naphthaleneacetic acid (NAA) and Indole-3-butyric acid (IBA), are also commonly applied to stimulate root growth when taking cuttings of plants.
The most common auxin found in plants is indoleacetic acid or IAA.
Plant evolutionary developmental biology
What is the purpose of having so many secondary metabolites being produced, with a significant chunk of the metabolome devoted to this activity? 
It is hypothesized that most of these chemicals help in generating immunity, and in consequence, the diversity of these metabolites is a result of a constant war between plants and their parasites. 
There is evidence that this may be true in many cases. 
We still cannot predict whether a plant with more secondary metabolites would be better-off than other plants in its vicinity. 
Plant evolutionary developmental biology
It seems that on the level of the organ, the leaf may be the ancestor of the flower, or at least some floral organs. 
When we mutate some crucial genes involved in flower development, we end up with a cluster of leaf-like structures.
There probably also exists an overall robust framework within which the floral diversity has been generated. 
The 'LFY' gene regulates the expression of some gene belonging to the MADS-box family. 
Plant evolutionary developmental biology
For example, monocots possess structures like lodicules and palea, that were believed to be analogous to the dicot petals and carpels respectively.
It turns out that this is true, and the variation is due to slight changes in the MADS-box genes and their expression pattern in the monocots.
Arabidopsis' has a gene called 'AGAMOUS' that plays an important role in defining how many petals and sepals and other organs are generated.
Mutations in this gene give rise to the floral meristem obtaining an indeterminate fate, and many floral organs keep on getting produced. 
Several studies on diverse plants like petunia, tomato, Impatiens, maize etc have suggested that the enormous diversity of flowers is a result of small changes in genes controlling their development. 
Plant collecting
Plant collecting may also refer to a hobby, in which the hobbyist takes identifiable samples of plant species found in nature, dries them, and stores them in a paper sheet album, a simple herbarium, alongside with the information of the finding location, finding date, etc. necessary scientific information.
As in many collecting hobbies , rarer specimens have been valued. 
This has led in some cases to a collector voluntarily taking part, helping scientists, in some research areas , provided he can store the "collectible". 
In fact, historically, many species have initially been found within a collection of a collector. 
Plans and interiors of Mentmore
As one stood in the hall facing the Rubens chimney-piece, to the left through a glazed arch and door, one looked into an anteroom and hence the obviously named South Entrance through a single pane of plate glass (the largest ever produced at the time) to the stunning panorama of the Chilterns.
To the right and through another glazed arch was the Grand Staircase, a single flight of wide white marble steps divided at the mezzanine level into two further flights to the arcaded gallery above.
Here on the stairs were two of the most famous paintings, Gainsborough's only known sporting picture; and the jewel of the collection, the Drouais of Madame de Pompadour, now in the National Gallery.
For this picture alone the British government paid almost as much as it could have paid for the remainder of the collection.
Planned obsolescence
Many portable consumer electronics contain proprietary, often lithium-based batteries.
Production of these batteries is usually stopped at around the same time the product is discontinued, therefore rendering the product worthless once the batteries start to wear out.
Some people will reset the ICs in the battery pack, and obtain almost their original runtime on the battery (minus the natural decay the battery cells), only to have to do it again in the future because the IC ran down the limit. 
While battery packs can be rebuilt and fitted with new cells, this is either too costly or too time consuming for most consumers.
Planned economy
Taken as a whole, a centrally planned economy would attempt to substitute a number of firms with a single firm for an entire economy.
After all, most corporations are essentially 'centrally planned economies', aside from some token intra-corporate pricing.
As pointed out by Kenneth Arrow and others , the existence of firms in free markets shows that there is a need for firms in free markets; opponents of planned economies would simply argue that there is no need for a sole firm for the entire economy. 
Anarchist theorists like Kevin Carson however point to the numerous ways in which government intervention in the market magnify economies of scale, offsetting the natural inefficiencies of centrally planned economies by means of privileges and historical subsidies granted by force, and argues that in a truly free market corporations wouldn't exist.
Planets in astrology
In the early 1800s, Ceres, Juno and the other two asteroids mentioned above, were scientifically recognized as planets.
Although asteroids have been known to both astronomers and astrologers for more than 200 years, they are often ignored by astrologers.
The tradition of some astrologers casting minor planets originates with these asteroids.
Since the 1970s, and the discovery of Chiron , some astrologers have been casting the new "planet", although astronomers consider it a comet. 
Planetes
More generally , the series examines the difference between greed and ambition. 
However, as the most wealthy nations are the only ones that can develop space, they are the only ones who end up reaping the benefits.
Similarly, the protagonist, Hachirota Hoshino, initially wants to go faster and farther than he ever has before, yet as a result he nearly destroys both himself, and his relationships with others.
Hachi's father, Goro Hoshino, is also caught between the two, having spent many years away from his wife and children so that he could explore space.
Planetes
In the anime, several characters were introduced in order to add its criticism of salaryman culture. 
Some of these characters are portrayed only to seek to climb the corporate ladder, however unlikely it may be. 
This fact makes several characters lose sight of the importance of their job, however lowly others might see it. 
At the same time, several characters are introduced who seek to work within the system in order to make a difference. 
Having expanded his influence within Technora Corporation, Dolf decides to defy the board in favor of steering the company towards the ideals he started out with.
Planetboredom
The creators of Planetboredom.net have opened up many websites over the years, which have come together to form the PlanetBoredom Network. 
Most of these websites have a small user base, and are clones of some of the functions of planetboredom.net, like the database of videos. 
Amongst the most notable of these websites are Smash Our Stuff and TorontoForums. 
The latter is a community website for the people residing in the Greater Toronto Area.
Planetary system
Some planetary systems may form differently, however.
Pulsars are formed in violent supernova explosions, and a normal planetary system could not possibly survive such a blast-planets would either evaporate, be pushed off of their orbits by the masses of gas from the exploding star, or the sudden loss of most of the mass of the central star would see them escape the gravitational hold of the star.
One theory is that existing stellar companions were almost entirely evaporated by the supernova blast, leaving behind planet-sized bodies.
Alternatively, planets may somehow form in the accretion disk surrounding pulsars.
Planetary protection
The Committee on Space Research categorizes the missions into 5 groups:
Category I: Any mission to the Sun, Mercury, other locations not of interest for studying prebiotic chemistry or the origin and evolution of life.
Category II: Any mission to the Earth's Moon, Venus, comets, Jupiter, Pluto/Charon, Kuiper Belt Objects, other locations of interest for studying prebiotic chemistry and the origin of life but for which there is an insignificant probability of contamination with Earth life.
Missions returning samples from locations with the potential to support life are considered 'Restricted Earth Return' and returned samples must be contained at levels more stringent than Biosafety level 4.
Samples from locations judged unlikely to support life are considered 'Unrestricted Earth Return' and merit no constraints for planetary protection purposes.
Planetary habitability
Along with the characteristics of planets and their star systems, the wider galactic environment may also impact habitability.
Scientists considered the possibility that particular areas of galaxies (galactic habitable zones) are better suited to life than others; the solar system in which we live, in the Orion Spur, on the Milky Way galaxy's edge is considered to be in a life-favorable spot: 
It is not in a globular cluster where immense star densities are inimical to life, given excessive radiation and gravitational disturbance.
Globular clusters are also primarily composed of older, likely metal-poor, stars.
It is not near an active gamma ray source.
It is not near the galactic center where once again star densities increase the likelihood of ionizing radiation (e.g., from magnetars and supernovae).
A supermassive black hole is also believed to lie at the middle of the galaxy which might prove a danger to any nearby bodies. 
The circular orbit of the Sun around the galactic centre keeps it out of the way of the galaxy's spiral arms where once more intense radiation and gravitation may lead to disruption.'
Planetarium
Worldwide, most planetariums provide shows to the general public. 
Traditionally , shows for these audiences with themes such as "What's in the sky tonight?", or shows which pick up on topical issues such as a religious festival (often the Christmas star) linked to the night sky, have been popular. 
Pre-recorded and live presentation formats are possible.
Live format are preferred by many venues (despite the increased expense) because a live expert presenter can answer on-the-spot questions raised by the audience. 
Planetarium
Despite offering a good viewer experience, traditional star ball projectors suffer several inherent limitations.
From a practical point of view, the low light levels require several minutes for the audience to "dark adapt" its eyesight.
Finally, a challenge for most traditional projectors is that the various overlaid projection systems are incapable of proper occultation.
For related reasons, some planetariums show stars below the horizon projecting on the walls below the dome or on the floor, or (with a bright star or a planet) shining in the eyes of someone in the audience. 
Planet Ladder
For many years she lives with a Japanese foster family until Idou, a monk loyal to Kura, and Seeu, an emotionless prince, appear in her home one night.
While they fight each other, Gold - Seeu's robot modelled after Kaguya's deceased brother Kagami - brings Kaguya to Telene, a world parallel to Earth, on Seeu's orders.
Shiina explains that nine worlds exist: Ancient, the first civilized world that was mysteriously destroyed; Asu, Seeu's disintegrated world; Eden, present day Earth; Telene, a small world allied with Geo; Fifth World, a politically neutral world; Geus, a peaceful world under the control of Geo; Geo, the most powerful of the worlds; Asuraitsu, Geo's rival; and the Ninth World, destroyed before the start of the series.
To move from one world to another, hourglasslike devices called "Collapsers" are used to create a bend in the dimensional fabric.
Planet Earth (TV series)
Due to Siberian winds, Mongolia's Gobi Desert reaches extremes of temperature like no other, ranging from -40°C to +50°C (-40°F to 122°F).
While some creatures , such as the dromedary, take them in their stride, for others the only escape from such bombardments is to bury themselves in the sand. 
The biggest dunes (300 m or 1,000 ft high) are to be found in Namibia, while other deserts featured are Death Valley in California and Nevada, the Sonoran in Arizona, the deserts of Utah, all in the United States, the Atacama in Chile, and areas of the Australian outback.
The final sequence illustrates one of nature's most fearsome spectacles: a billion-strong plague of desert locusts, destroying all vegetation in its path. 
Planet Comics
'Flint Baker' – One of the longest-running strips, Flint Baker was another athletic space hero, who became part of the Space Rangers.
Flint Baker was the "main hero" and "cover feature" of most of the first 13 issues, and after twenty-five issues he "team[ed] up with Reef Ryan to form the Space Rangers" when 'Planet Comics' dropped its page count.
Appearances between issues #2 and #60 (initially as "Flint Baker," later as "Space Rangers") were illustrated by a full range of artists, including Nick Viscardi, Joe Doolin and Artie Saff; Arthur Peddy, Lee Elias, Frank Doyle, Joe Cavallo, etc.
The Space Rangers "were drawn by Lee Elias, Bob Lubbers," and others.
The first incarnation was the son of Professor Hardwich, and appeared in most issues between #1-29 and was essentially an outer space version of Tarzan, where Auro was "befriended by a saber tooth tiger," stranded on Jupiter with "muscles... as strong as steel" thanks to the higher gravitational pull of the planet.
The best artwork on the first series of Auro stories was, wrote Miller "by Raphael Astarita," whose name Jerry Bails and Hames Ware spell 'Rafael'..
Auro was illustrated by a number of different artists, among them Doolin, Ingels and Rafael Astarita.
In issue #36, the duo were joined by "3 more Earth people," named Bruce, Robin and Bonnie.
'Gale Allen' – A voluptuous female space adventurer, who led her all girl "girl squadron" on wild outings, Gale appeared in almost every issue between #4 and #42.
The first six issues were drawn by Astarita in the style of Mac Raboy, while Joseph Cavallo is thought to have inked/drawn many of the later issues.
Among several artists, George Appel produced a dozen early issues, while the bulk of issues #33-51 were drawn by Murphy Anderson, whose additions transformed the Pirate into "an almost completely new strip."
'Mars, God of War' – Named by Miller as "one of the most famous" strips, the adventures of the ancient Roman God, causing violent mischief on other planets appeared between issues #15 and #35.
Appearing in issues #36-52 and #55-62, after Doolin the strip was most notably illustrated by Fran Hooper (#37-42; #48-49).
'Norge Benson' - Between issues #12-32, comedy relief was provided by Norge Benson, written by 'Olaf Benson,' whom Miller identifies as Kip Beales.
Planet
Though the idea that the planets orbited the Sun had been suggested many times, it was not until the 17th century that this view was supported by evidence from the first telescopic astronomical observations, performed by Galileo Galilei.
As observational tools improved, astronomers saw that, like Earth, the planets rotated around tilted axes, and some share such features as ice-caps and seasons.
Since the dawn of the Space Age, close observation by probes has found that Earth and the other planets share characteristics such as volcanism, hurricanes, tectonics, and even hydrology.
Since 1992, through the discovery of hundreds of planets around other stars, called extrasolar planets, scientists are beginning to understand that planets throughout the Milky Way Galaxy share characteristics in common with our own.
Planet
The time at which each hemisphere points farthest or nearest from its star is known as its solstice.
Each planet has two in the course of its orbit; when one hemisphere has its summer solstice, when its day is longest, the other has its winter solstice, when its day is shortest.
Jupiter's axial tilt is very small, so its seasonal variation is minimal; Uranus, on the other hand, has an axial tilt so extreme it is virtually on its side, which means that its hemispheres are either perpetually in sunlight or perpetually in darkness around the time of its solstices. 
Among extrasolar planets, axial tilts are not known for certain, though most hot Jupiters are believed to possess negligible to no axial tilt, as a result of their proximity to their stars. 
Planescape: Torment
'Planescape: Torment' is primarily story-driven; combat is given less prominence than in most contemporary role-playing games.
The protagonist is an immortal who has lost his name, lived many lives, and forgotten them.
The game focuses on The Nameless One's journey throughout the city of Sigil and other planes to reclaim his memories of these previous lives.
Several characters in the game may join The Nameless One on his journey, most of whom have encountered him in the past. 
Plane (esotericism)
Most cosmologists today believe that the universe exploded into being some 13.7 billion years ago in a 'smeared-out singularity' called the big bang, meaning that space itself came into being at the moment of the big bang and has expanded ever since, creating and carrying the galaxies with it.
However, in esoteric cosmology expansion refers to the emanation or unfolding of steadily denser planes or spheres from the spiritual summit, what Greek mythology described as "Chaos", until the lowest and most material world is reached.
According to Rosicrucians, another difference is that there is no such thing as empty or void space.
On the other hand, Chaos is not a state which has existed in the past and has now entirely disappeared.
Planck scale
It may, in fact, be a fundamental aspect of the universe.
In terms of size, the Planck scale is unimaginably small (many orders of magnitude smaller than a proton).
This makes the Planck scale a fascinating realm for speculation by theoretical physicists from various schools of thought.
These approaches, among several others , are being considered to gain insight into Planck scale dynamics. 
Planalto Tyrannulet
It is widespread in wooded habitats of eastern Brazil, extreme north-eastern Bolivia, eastern Paraguay, and far north-eastern Argentina.
It is generally common (typically the commonest 'Phyllomyias' in its range), and consequently rated as Least Concern by BirdLife International and IUCN.
There are three relatively distinctive subspecies, differing in measurements, plumage and voice, and it is possible they are better regarded as separate species.
It can be separated from other members of its genus found in its range by the combination of a greyish-tinged forecrown and an all-black bill.
Plan de Sánchez massacre
The central Guatemalan department of Baja Verapaz comprises eight municipalities, one of which is Rabinal , some 70 km to the north of Guatemala City.
In 1982, the municipality was made up of the municipal seat of Rabinal town, along with another 14 villages and 60 hamlets.
Among the villages was Plan de Sánchez, located in a hilly woodland area some 9 km from the town of Rabinal.
Achi is one of the 21 varieties of the Maya language recognised in Guatemala; according to a 2002 government census, it was spoken by some 105,000 people in the Baja Verapaz highlands.
Plan Canada
'Plan Canada' operates as the Canadian arm of Plan International, a not-for-profit global movement that promotes social justice for youth and their families in more than 65 developing countries and several continents.
Plan Canada attempts to break the cycle of poverty by helping children and adults living in developing countries use their ideas, talents and energies to shape their future.
Before choosing a work site, Plan Canada analyzes the community’s poverty statistics; infant mortality rates (countries with more than 25 deaths per 1,000 live births are given priority); Gross National Product (GNP) (GNP per capital should be less than $1,700USD); and other factors that are key elements of determining Plan Canada’s long-term regional success.
With help from trained volunteers and donations from benefactors, Plan Canada assists community participants in a number of areas, including: building schools, educating teachers, digging wells, opening health clinics, providing vocational training, using technology to improve crop yields, giving people access to small business loans, and providing disaster-related humanitarian assistance.
Worldwide, approximately nine million individuals have become involved in Plan and Plan Canada’s child-centered initiatives.
Plame affair
On August 30, 2006, the New York Times reports that the lawyer and other associates of Mr. Armitage confirmed he was Novak's "initial and primary source" for Plame's identity.
'The New York Times' also reports "Mr. Armitage cooperated voluntarily in the case, never hired a lawyer and testified several times to the grand jury, according to people who are familiar with his role and actions in the case.
But Mr. Armitage kept his actions secret, not even telling President Bush because the prosecutor asked him not to divulge it, the people said...
But he stayed on the job because State Department officials advised that his sudden departure could lead to the disclosure of his role in the leak, the people aware of his actions said....
Plaintext
Plaintext has reference to the operation of cryptographic algorithms, usually encryption algorithms, and is the input upon which they operate.
Since computers became commonly available, the definition has also encompassed not only electronic representations of the traditional text, for instance, messages (eg, email) and document content (eg, word processor files), but also the computer representations of sound (eg, speech, or music), images (eg, photos or videos), ATM and credit card transaction information, sensor data, and so forth.
Basically, any information which the communicating parties wish to conceal from others can now be treated, and referred to, as plaintext.
It may not represent text, and even if it does, the text may be not "plain".
Plains Pocket Mouse
They generally live directly underneath Spanish bayonet or prickly pear plants.
Some food found in their cheek pouches are: seeds of needle grass (Stipa), bind weed, sandbur grass, a small bean (probably Astragulus), and sedge (Cyperus).
Even those caught in grain fields usually have their pouches filled with weed seeds.
Seeds of two species of pigeon grass, a few other grasses, and wild buckwheat have been found in their holes.
Plain language
It is commonly assumed that children and adults prefer trashy stories in large measure because they are more exciting and more stimulating in respect to sex. 
There is, however, reason to believe that greater ease of reading in respect to vocabulary, construction, and facts, is a very important cause of preference. 
A count of the vocabulary of "best sellers" and a summary of it in terms of our list would thus be very instructive.
The 1930s saw an explosion of studies on how to make texts more readable for the average reader.
In 1934, Ralph Ojemann, Edgar Dale, and Ralph Waples published two studies on writing for adults with limited reading ability.
Plain Folk of the Old South
The major challenge to the view of planter dominance came from historian Frank Lawrence Owsley in 'Plain Folk of the Old South' (1949).
Owsley started with the work of Daniel R. Hundley, who in 1860 had defined the southern middle class as "farmers, planters, traders, storekeepers, artisans, mechanics, a few manufacturers, a goodly number of country school teachers, and a host of half-fledged country lawyers, doctors, parsons, and the like."
To find these people, Owsley turned to the name-by-name files on the manuscript federal census.
They gathered data on all southerners.
Historian Vernon Burton described Owsley's 'Plain Folk of the Old South', as "one of the most influential works on southern history ever written."
Plague of Athens
Thucydides stated that people ceased fearing the law since they felt they were already living under a death sentence.
Likewise people started spending money indiscriminately.
Many felt they would not live long enough to enjoy the fruits of wise investment, while some of the poor unexpectedly became wealthy by inheriting the property of their relatives. 
It is also recorded that people refused to behave honourably because most did not expect to live long enough to enjoy a good reputation for it.
Plague of Athens
Those who tended to the ill were most vulnerable to catching the disease.
This meant that many people died alone because no one was willing to risk caring for them. 
Especially poignant are descriptions of how people were not cared for due to the overwhelming numbers of sick and dying.
People were simply left to die in buildings or on the streets, and the dead were heaped on top of each other, left to rot or shoved into mass graves.
Plague Riot
On the morning of September 17, around 1000 people gathered at the Spasskiye gates again, demanding the release of captured rebels and elimination of quarantines.
Some 300 people were brought to trial.
It took some measures against the plague and provided citizens with work and food, which would finally pacify the people of Moscow. 
Around 200,000 people died in Moscow and its outskirts during the plague.
Places in the Realm of the Elderlings
It comprises many areas for the nomadic mountain people to camp in, stay for a while, then leave again. 
There are a number of beautiful gardens which are tended by everyone in the city. 
Among the permanent buildings in the mountain capital is the palace, home of the Sacrifice of the Mountain Kingdom.
This was made - or rather, 'grown' - by selecting a central tree, and planting several saplings around it. 
This is painted in bright colours, often yellows, oranges and purples.
Places in Kuru kingdom
Varanavata was one of the provinces asked by Pandavas, if Duryodhana is unwilling to give half the kingdom:
- Give us even Kusasthala, Vrikasthala, Makandi, Varanavata, and for the fifth any other that Duryodhana liked (5,31).
Words of Yudhisthira:
- I prayed for only five villages, viz, Avishthala, Vrikasthala, Makandi, Varanavata, with any other as the fifth;
--Grant us, we said, five villages or towns where we five may dwell in union (5,72) (5,82).
Yuyutsu, is mentioned as battling in Varanavata with many kings together, for six months unvanquished.
He in another battle at Varanasi overthrew with a broad-headed arrow the prince of Kasi, desirous of seizing at a Swayamvara (self-chice ceremony) a maiden for wife (7,10).
Places in Harry Potter
Goblins are extremely greedy and will protect their money and valuables at any cost, which makes them ideal guardians for the valuables of the wizarding world.
In addition, according to Hagrid, apart from Hogwarts, Gringotts is considered "the safest place in the world for anything you want to keep safe".
There are a number of methods to opening the vaults.
Most vaults, such as Harry's, use small golden keys.
Higher security vaults may have various enchantments upon the doors.
Placerville, Colorado
By the fall of 1899, development was described as "of the most superficial character," although Frenzel had driven one tunnel 18 feet into the rock.
By 1901-1902, Frenzel was excavating several thousand tons intended for shipment to Europe.
Most of the Placerville ore was less than 3% vanadium, too low grade to pay for shipment to Europe, so in 1905 the Vanadium Alloys Co. built an ore-processing mill southeast of Placerville to recover the metal as ferro-vanadium, which it sold.
Placer mining
Although not required, the process water may be continuously recycled and the ore from which the sought after minerals have been extracted ("the tailings") can be reclaimed.
While these recycling and reclamation processes are more common in modern placer mining operations they are still not universally done.
In earlier times the process water was not generally recycled and the spent ore was not reclaimed. 
The author was a Procurator in the region and so probably witnessed large-scale hydraulic mining of the placer deposits there. 
Placentophagy
Although the placenta is revered in many cultures , very few customarily eat the placenta after the newborn's birth. 
Those who advocate placentophagy in humans, mostly in modern America and Europe, Mexico, Hawaii, China, and the Pacific Islands, believe that eating the placenta prevents postpartum depression and other pregnancy complications.
A variety of recipes are known to exist for preparing placenta for eating in spite of the extended taboo against eating human body parts. 
Consumption of uncooked human placenta carries risks associated with other human blood products, primarily risk of hepatitis B,C and HIV infection.
Placenta praevia
Women with placenta previa often present with painless, bright red vaginal bleeding.
This bleeding often starts mildly and may increase as the area of placental separation increases.
Abdominal examination usually finds the uterus non-tender and relaxed.
Leopold's Maneuvers may find the fetus in an oblique or breech position or lying transverse as a result of the abnormal position of the placenta.
Placement (EDA)
In the case of application-specific integrated circuits, or ASICs, the chip’s core layout area comprises anumber of fixed height rows, with either some or no space between them.
On the other hand, blocks are typically larger than cells and have variable heights that can stretch amultiple number of rows.
Alternatively, some orall of the blocks may not have preassigned locations.
In this case, they have to be placed with the cells inwhat is commonly referred to as mixed-mode placement.
Place (United States Census Bureau)
Different states use a variety of terms for their incorporated places.
The designations "city," "town," "village," and "borough" are most frequent, but one or more places in Kentucky, Montana, Nevada, and Tennessee have place-type governments (usually consolidated ones) that do not have any of these designations.
Only two other states (Connecticut and Pennsylvania) include "boroughs" as incorporated places.
Eleven states have only "cities," and the remainder of the States have various combinations of "cities", "towns", and "villages".
Pizzelle
Many other cultures have developed a pizzelle-type cookie as part of their culture (for example, the Norwegian Krumkake).
It is known to be one of the oldest cookies, and is believed to have developed from the ancient Roman 'crustulum'.Prodottitipici.com, ''. 
Pizzelle are known as 'ferratelle' in the Lazio region of Italy.
In Molise they may be called ferratelle, 'cancelle', or pizzelle.
Pizza
'Lazio style': Pizza in Lazio (Rome), as well as in many other parts of Italy , is available in two different styles: (1) Take-away shops sell 'pizza rustica' or 'pizza al taglio'. 
The crust is similar to that of an English muffin, and the pizza is often cooked in an electric oven.
It is usually cut with scissors or a knife and sold by weight. (2) In pizza restaurants (pizzerias), pizza is served in a dish in its traditional round shape.
It is usually cooked in a wood-fired oven, giving the pizza its unique flavor and texture.
Pizmonim
All 'pizmonim' can be classified under different 'maqams' (musical modes), of which there are about ten in common use. 
'Maqam Ajam', which sounds a little like a Western major scale, is the thematic 'maqam' that contains many holiday melodies. 
'Maqam Hijaz', which corresponds to the Phrygian dominant scale, is the thematic 'maqam' that contains many sad melodies. 
'Maqam Sikah' (or 'Siga'), containing many three-quarter-tone intervals , is used for the cantillation of the Torah. 
Pixie Pop
Ryouta Minigawa:Ryouta is Amamiya's best friend.
He obviously has a huge crush on Mayu's best friend, Nazuna.
In volume 2 they were voted as best couple even though they weren't a couple.
Ryouta confessed his love for Nazuna when they had a wedding for winning best couple.
PixelJunk Racers
Some gameplay modes include: 
'Speed Monkey', in which the player has to avoid and overtake as many cars as possible.
'Hot Pursuit', in which the player has to crash into a specific car as much as possible.
'Hot Rods', in which the player has to race against four opponents while avoiding other cars.
'The Munchies', in which crashing into other cars fuels the player's vehicle in order for it to keep racing.
Pixantrone
BBR 2778 was synthesized and initially characterized in vitro for tumor cell cytotoxicity and mechanism of action by studies at the Boehringer Mannheim Italia Research Center, Monza, and University of Vermont, Burlington.
Other studies have been completed at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, the Istituto Nazionale Tumori, Milan, and the University of Padua.
In the search for novel heteroanalogs of anthracenediones, it was selected as the most promising compound.
Toxicological studies indicated that BBR 2778 was not cardiotoxic, and US patents are held by the University of Vermont.
Pivot Stickfigure Animator
This release was created by Surfoleon, and edited by Pyrotic, who made some much-needed changes to the interface and mechanical workings of the program. 
It is covered by a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 Unported License, amongst many other Creative Commons licenses (unlike it's precursor), but declares on its site that it is 'Wikipedia Compatible' and is (rather vaguely) covered by the GFDL. 
XPivot 3.5 fixes a few more bugs found in PivotX 4.1 RTM.
The creator of XPivot, Pyrotic, is against all forms of IP Tracking and stated, "In all versions of XPivot to come IP Tracking will NEVER BE USED, but other anti-piracy measures will be utilized in the alpha, beta and RC versions that do not take personal privacy to such an extent".
Pivot Legal Society
-'Policing': access to quality policing for marginalized groups as well as police accountability for any forms of misconduct through lawsuits, complaints.
In 2002, Pivot published 'To Serve and Protect: A Report on Policing in Vancouver’s Downtown Eastside', which documented various affidavits from residents regarding police behaviour.
-'Child welfare': Children from low-income families in the Downtown Eastside have a greater chance of being admitted to the child protection system than those from other regions of British Columbia.
-'Health': Promoting prevention, treatment, support and harm reduction programs as the most effective solutions to drug addiction problems.
Pituophis ruthveni
The Louisiana Pine Snake is generally associated with sandy, well-drained soils; open pine forests, especially Longleaf Pine savanna; moderate to sparse midstory; and a well-developed herbaceous understory dominated by grasses. 
They create the burrow systems in which the pine snakes are most frequently found, and serve as a major source of food for the species.
Up to 90% of radio-tagged snake relocations have been underground in pocket gopher burrow systems, and movement patterns are typically from one pocket gopher burrow system to another.
Both native and captive-released snakes were found most frequently in areas containing an ample number of pocket gopher mounds, and snakes stayed active longer and moved greater distances where pocket gopher burrows were abundant.
Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad
On May 11 1870 McCreery and ten other people filed Articles of Association with Pennsylvania Secretary of State.
After 2 years the starting group was not very successful at raising the required funds and in 1877 many of the directors were succeeded by a new group of Pittsburgh businessmen. 
The new group was James I Bennett, David Hostetter, James M. Baily, Mark W. Watson, and James M. Schoonmaker, all influential.
In the spring of 1877, the first rails were laid down in Beaver Falls, which had the largest population other than Pittsburgh.
The other reason for this was around February 1877 Jacob Henrici of the Harmony Society had business there.
Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
The Post-Gazette would begin delivering the Trib to most of the area with some exceptions. 
Many of those papers were several decades old. 
The company also announced major changes to the remaining Gateway publications including a revamp of the Pennysaver in the communities that have Gateway newspapers.
The communities served by those titles will now be served by other Gateway newspapers. 
Pittsburgh Panthers football
His second season duplicated that success, repeating an 8-0 record while collectively outscoring opponents 255-25, and garnering what is widely regarded as a consensus national championship. 
The lone scare of the 1916 season occurred at Navy when, following a delay of the team's train heading to Annapolis that caused a late arrival, the team overcame several fumbles and eked out a 20-19 victory. 
Also on that team were Jock Sutherland and H.C. "Doc" Carlson, who both would garner First Team All-American selections while members of the undefeated 1917 team, and go on to become perhaps Pitt's most legendary coaches in football and basketball, respectively. 
The 1917 team, nicknamed "The Fighting Dentists" because over half the roster became doctors or dentists, finished 10-0 with five shutouts despite losing several players to military service at the outbreak of World War I.
The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918, which took the life of former Pitt star Tex Richards, saw the implementation of quarantines that eliminated much of that year's college football season, including five of Pitt's originally schedule contests.
Pitt swept through its first three games and then dismantled Georgia Tech 32-0 in front of many of the nation's top sports writers including Walter Camp.
The final game of the season at Cleveland Naval Reserve resulted in Warner's first loss at Pitt and is one of the most controversial in school history. 
Warner, along some reporters covering the game, insisted the Pitt team was robbed by the officials who, claiming the official timekeeper's watch was broken, arbitrarily ended the first half before Pitt was able to score and then allowed the Reserves extra time in the fourth quarter to pull ahead 10-9 before calling an end to the game. 
Despite the loss, the 4-1 Panthers of 1918 were named national champions by several selectors and are widely regarded as consensus national champions for that season. 
Pittsburgh International Airport
(The old terminal remained standing for some years after, continuing to house a few operations offices; it was demolished in 1999.) 
The new terminal was equipped with numerous innovative, state-of-the-art features at the time, including an "AirMall" that featured shops for passengers to browse in, and "landside-airside" terminal construction which eliminated the need for connecting passengers to go through security again.
The airport's capacity is one of its most valuable assets. 
A model to other airports around the world, the design of the terminal was planned to simplify aircraft movement on the airfield and ease pedestrian traffic to the gates. 
Pittsburgh Gifted Center
The PGC was in the news when it was considered to be closed under the Superintendent Mark Roosevelt's school reform agenda.
However, the proposal faced stiff opposition from parents and students (some students organized a petition to save the Gifted Center; another ).
Eventually, the board agreed to move the Center to the Ridge Avenue building, where the program existed for several years. 
Some people still suspect that the School Board is still considering closing the Center and it is unclear whether renovations to the Ridge Avenue building will be completed before the next school year. 
Pittsburgh
The Pittsburgh English dialect, popularly referred to as "Pittsburghese", derives from influences from the Scottish-Irish, Welsh, German, Central European and Eastern European immigrants.
The dialect has some tonal similarities to other nearby regional dialects (ie, Erie, Baltimore), but is noted for its somewhat staccato rhythms. 
It also has so many local peculiarities that the 'New York Times' described Pittsburgh as, "the Galapagos Islands of American dialect". 
The lexicon itself contains notable cognates borrowing from Croatian and other Slavic and European languages.
Pittosporum
'Pittosporum' ( or ,The first pronunciation is that expected for Anglo-Latin; the second is common in nurseries.
The genus is probably Gondwanan in origin; its present range extends from Australasia, Oceania, eastern Asia and some parts of Africa. 
'Citriobatus' is usually included here, but might be a distinct (though closely related) genus. 
They are commonly known as 'pittosporums' or, more ambiguously, '"cheesewoods"'. 
Pittodrie Stadium
As befits a main stand, this section of the ground includes both padded seating for club officials and VIP's, and several executive boxes at the rear. 
There are a number of pillars running along this stand, supporting the roof.
As a consequence, views in some places are restricted.
It remains, however, the most expensive stand from which to watch matches.
Pitsa panels
The tablets are votive offerings, connected with the rural cult of the nymphs, which was widespread throughout Greece.
Stylistically and technically, they probably represent rather low quality panel paintings of their time. 
This, as well as references to wooden painted or inscribed votives at other Greek sanctuaries (e.g. Epidaurus), indicates that the Pitsa tablets belong to the types of votives available to the lower, or poorer, sections of population.
Such simple votives may have been far more numerous originally, but the fact that they are made of perishable materials, whereas richer votives were of stone, bronze or precious metals, has led to their near-total disappearance from the archaeological record. 
Pitot-static system
A 'pitot-static system' is a system of pressure-sensitive instruments that is most often used in aviation to determine an aircraft's airspeed, Mach number, altitude, and altitude trend.
A pitot-static system generally consists of a pitot tube, a static port, and the pitot-static instruments. 
Other instruments that might be connected are air data computers, flight data recorders, altitude encoders, cabin pressurization controllers, and various airspeed switches. 
Errors in pitot-static system readings can be extremely dangerous as the information obtained from the pitot static system, such as altitude, is often critical to a successful flight.
Pitohui
The skin and feathers of some pitohuis, especially the Variable and Hooded Pitohuis, contain powerful neurotoxic alkaloids of the batrachotoxin group (also secreted by the Colombian poison dart frogs, genus 'Phyllobates').
It is believed that these serve the birds as a chemical defence, either against ectoparasites or against visually guided predators such as snakes, raptors or humans. 
The birds probably do not produce batrachotoxin themselves. 
It is most likely that the toxins come from the 'Choresine' genus of beetles, part of the bird's diet. 
Pithe
Manda Pitha': It is a steamed pitha made from rice flour.
It may have a grated coconut and jaggery/sugar filling or a cottage chese ('chenna') filling.' 
Kakara Pitha': It is a fried pitha made from wheat flour/semolina in shape of small pancake.
It may have a sweet cocunut filling.
It is a very popular snack,available with roadside vendors all over Orissa.'
Enduri Pitha': It is a steamed variety of rice and black gram pitha.
It may have a jaggery and coconut/chenna filling.
The speciality of this pitha is it's aroma which comes from the tumeric leaf ,covered in which the pitha is steamed.
Enduri pitha is a special delicacy of the oriya festival Prathamastami.'
Chakuli Pitha': It is a thin pancake made from fermented rice and black gram batter.
Thicker pithas are called 'chakuli'.
The thinner variety (similar to plain dosa) is called 'saru chakuli'.
Tastes great if served with oriya delicacy 'dalama' or coconut chutney or 'kheeri',a rice seet dish.
It is very common in traditional oriya homes to eat 'chakuli' pitha for breakfast.'
Pitch accent
Difference
Tone
Firstly, while the primary indication of accent is pitch (tone), there is only one or a few tonic syllable or mora in a word, or at least in simple words, the position of which determines the tonal pattern of the whole word.
The term is often defined as tone on only one syllable or mora.
Pitch accent may also be restricted in distribution, being found for example only on one of the last two syllables.
This is unlike the situation in typical tone languages, where the tone of each syllable is independent of the other syllables in the word.
For example, comparing two-syllable words like [aba] in a pitch-accented language and in a tonal language, both of which make only a binary distinction, the tonal language has four possible patterns:
Pitch (card game)
Basic pitch may be played by 2-7 players with a standard 52-card deck.
Each player receives six cards, traditionally dealt three at a time.
Beginning with the player to the dealer's left and proceeding clockwise, players may bid 2-4 points for the privilege of declaring the trump suit for the hand.
The player who wins the bid (often called the 'pitcher, bidder,' or 'maker') must make as many points as he or she bid, or is "set back."
Pitch (baseball)
Well-thrown breaking balls have movement, usually sideways or downward.
The goal is usually to make the ball difficult to hit or confusing to batters.
Most breaking balls are considered off-speed pitches. 
The most common breaking pitches are:
Curveball
Knuckle curve
Slurve
Slider
Screwball
12-6 curve
Pitcairn sexual assault trial of 2004
Pitcairn's 47 inhabitants, almost all of whom are interrelated, were bitterly divided by the charging of most of the adult male population.
Under what sources close to the case said was pressure from their families, several women withdrew the charges they had laid.
They and other women present at the meeting, who endorsed their view that underage sex was normal on Pitcairn, stated emphatically that all of the alleged rape victims had been willing participants.
Charlene Warren, who withdrew charges against a Pitcairn man, claimed that detectives had offered her money to testify; when pressed, she clarified that the money referred to statutory compensation for victims of crime.
Pita-Ten
She is generally weak - more so when her staff breaks under Misha's angelic influence.
However, Misha sacrifices herself by making some kind of medicine that made people forget her, and remember Shia. 
Once the people remembered Shia, Shia came back to life.
When Shima becomes too weak and almost takes Kotaroh's life force, she goes with Klaus (Nya) who erases her memory of Taro and her children.
Pita
Israeli Jews of Arabic descent exported the pita to Western countries, together with Falafel and other types of Arabic food since the 1950s.
Another possible etymology is from a Romanian archaic word for bread, 'pită'.
An alternative etymology traces the word to a cognate for pine pitch, which forms flat layers that may resemble pita bread, which in turn may share an etymological origin with pizza (Italian for "pie"). 
Indeed in some parts of southern Italy , there are pastries called Pita, which are filled with spicy fruit and nuts. 
Pit-house
The ethnographic sample is based almost entirely on case studies from societies located in northern latitudes.
Period of pit structure occupation is generally during the cold season. 
This is probably due to their thermal efficiency. 
Since less heat is lost by transmission than above ground structures, less energy is required to maintain stable temperatures inside the structure.
Out of the 82 ethnographic cases in the Ethnographic Atlas 50 societies had population estimates and of these 64% had fewer than 100 people per settlement.
In only 6% cases were there more than 400 persons per settlement.
Pit of despair
Most of the monkeys placed inside it were at least three months old and had already bonded with others.
After a few days, they gave up.
Harlow wrote, " most subjects typically assume a hunched position in a corner of the bottom of the apparatus. 
Stephen J. Suomi, another of Harlow's doctoral students, placed some monkeys in the chamber in 1970 for his PhD.
He wrote that he could find no monkey who had any defense against it.
Pistonless rotary engine
If looking for the maximum possible displacement, a twin rotor Wankel rotary displacing 654cc per combustion chamber (such as the Mazda 13B) has a maximum displacement of 3924cc (3.9 liters).
This is because there are three possible combustion chambers per rotor, each displacing 654cc at full expansion. 654cc per face, three faces per rotor (1962cc/2 liters), two rotors per engine (3924cc/3.9 liters).
Taking combustion chamber volume and multiplying by the total number of possible combustion chambers per engine.
This means comparing a hypothetical 3.9 liter piston engine to a '1.3 liter' Wankel rotary (with a maximum possible displacement of 3.9 liters) using this method will result in the the piston engine's theoretical specific output being approximately 50% higher than the Wankel rotary because the piston engine will displace its 3.9 liters through a power stroke one revolution (50%) sooner than the Wankel rotary.
Pistol sword
Edged weapons with built-in pistols were common in Eastern Europe.
Knife pistols with folding blades were popular in England during the mid Victorian era.
These were made by Unwin and Rodgers, used black powder and were available in various small calibers.
Like the modern Swiss Army knife they contained a variety of tools, from blades to corkscrews, and were often used by sailors.
Pisidia
There can be little doubt that the Pisidians and Pamphylians were the same people, but the distinction between the two seems to have been established at an early period. 
Herodotus, who does not mention the Pisidians, enumerates the Pamphylians among the nations of Asia Minor, while Ephorus mentions them both, correctly including the one among the nations on the interior, the other among those of the coast.
Pamphylia early received colonies from Greece and other lands, and from this cause, combined with the greater fertility of their territory, became more civilized than its neighbor in the interior.
Pisidia remained a wild, mountainous region, and one of the most difficult for outside powers to rule. 
Pirozhki
This stuffed bun is also popular in Armenia, where it is called 'piroshki'.
In Armenia 'piroshki' are commonly made with meat or potato fillings.
The Greek variety 'piroski' is popular in parts of Greece influenced by eastern cuisine and in most big cities, where they are sold as a type of fast food.
The Greek 'piroski' come baked or deep-fried with many different stuffings.
Piritramide
'Piritramide' (trade names 'Dipidolor', 'Piridolan', 'Pirium' and others) is a synthetic opioid analgesic with a potency 0.65 to 0.75 times that of morphine.
A common starting dose is 15 mg IV, equivalent to 10 mg of morphine hydrochloride.
Piritramide is commonly used for the treatment of postoperative pain.
Piritramide was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1960 and is currently manufactured and distributed within continental Europe and some other places by Janssen-Cilag. 
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End
Drew McWeeny was an exception, praising its complexity as giving it repeat-viewing value, and its conclusion as "perhaps the most canny move it makes."
Todd Gilchrist found the story too similar to other cinematic trilogies such as 'Star Wars' but praised the production values.
Brian Lowry felt that "unlike last year's bloated sequel, it at least possesses some semblance of a destination, making it slightly more coherent - if no less numbing during the protracted finale."
James Berardinelli found it the weakest of the trilogy as "the last hour offers adventure as rousing as anything provided in either of the previous installments... which doesn't account for the other 108 minutes of this gorged, self-indulgent, and uneven production."
Pirates of Davy Jones' Curse
Apparently rushed into production to meet the (unrelated but thematically similar) movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest that released later on July 7, 2006, this set had an unusual number of 'quality issues' in the first run, mainly damaged cards from the factory - severe scratches, dings and corner clipping are common in the first run of this set.
Dirt, pebbles, hair and assorted debris were also commonly found inside the wrappers.
Later print runs changed the booster pack wrapper artwork and seem to have addressed some of these quality issues , but the cardstock and inks used in this set are still notably inferior to other sets. 
Collectors are warned that many of these cards are "Mint as issued", aka issued damaged from the factory. 
Pirates Constructible Strategy Game
A good deal of 'Pirates' flavor text contains references to historical events or people, other fictional characters or events, or are simply references to the game's writers and designers.
'Pirates' fiction also contains homages to other pirate fiction.
Some ship names are references to other games created by Jordan Weisman.
The 'Black Swan' is a reference to a character from Crimson Skies, and also possibly to the ship Black Pearl from Pirates of the Caribbean. 
Pirate radio in North America
Station would run several hours to all night. 
The regulation states that a war is considered a "time of emergency."
Most of the music played on the station fell under a CHR or Top 40 format with some occasional 80s and 90's hits. 
Publications featured in: XXL Magazine, URB, Murder Dog, BAM, and other local industry related publications.
Using publicity stunts and public demonstrations at large music concerts to gain supporters, The RPMRADIO Network brought the first pirate radio broadcasts to an area that was considered "the garden of eden" of radio markets, and caused a minor revolution in the programing practices of radio broadcasters in that area. 
When they finally received their first notice to quit from the FCC, the station operators went underground, and continue to operate several "Low Power Pirate FM Stations" throughout the area. 
It is possible that operations may resume soon on the same frequency with the same name, and a slightly tweaked format. 
Lewis FM, broadcast a mix of predominately American and British Top 40, as well as Christian Rock to a section of Lewis, New York, which has a total population of approximately 1,200 people.
Pirate radio in Asia
Historically most of the stations have opposed, in some manner , the political establishment represented by the Chinese Nationalist Party and the Republic of China (ROC) framework, in favour of the then opposition movement broadly consisting of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) and allied social movements. 
These so called pan-green radio stations are mostly based in central and southern Taiwan with most listeners being hard-core pan-green supporters who despise Kuomingtang rule and the potential for reunification with China.
A few stations positioned themselves on the opposing end of the political spectrum, generally favouring the ROC status quo advocated by the New Party and "non-mainstream factions" within the Nationalist Party. 
With the DPP currently in power, and ultimate Taiwan independence and sovereignty being the stance taken by most underground radio stations, it makes Taiwan one of the rare examples in the world of underground radio stations being pro-government.
Piraha people
It is suspected that the language's entire pronoun set, which is the simplest of any known language, was recently borrowed from one of the Tupí-Guaraní languages, and that prior to that the language may have had no pronouns whatsoever. 
Many linguists , however, find this claim questionable , noting that there is no historical-comparative evidence indicating the non-existence of pronouns in a previous period of the history of Piraha. 
However, if there had been pronouns at an earlier stage of Piraha, this would not affect Everett's claim of the significance of the system's simplicity today.
It is true that there are few Tupi-Guarani loanwords in areas of the lexicon more susceptible to borrowing (such as nouns referring to cultural items, for instance), though there are some for different types of flora and fauna (which itself may indicate that the Piraha did not originate in their current location). 
Piraeus
In addition to being the largest marine - based shipping centre of Greece, Piraeus is also the commercial hub of Greek shipping, with most of Greece's shipowners basing their commercial operations there, largely centred around the street Akti Miaouli.
In its capacities as host to Greek shipping, Piraeus has been affected significantly by the various governments of Greece.
Although the Greek shipowners ultimately won their case against the Greek government in the British courts, most were uninterested in continuing to base their headquarters in Piraeus both out of distrust of the Greek government and the fact that the war had left the greater Athens area in a state of severe poverty.
As a result, the Greek shipowners left Piraeus en masse in favor of operations in London, New York, Alexandria and other major shipping cities.
Piraeus
Piraeus, nevertheless, is still a major centre for Greek and international shipping, and bi-annually it acts as the focus for a major shipping convention, known as Posidonia, which attracts maritime industry professionals from all over the world.
Nowadays, Piraeus is one of the largest ports in Europe, and the annual number of 19 million passengers makes it the third largest worldwide, in terms of passenger transportation.
Piraeus is also 47th worldwide in cargo traffic and at the top of all eastern Mediterranean ports.
The central port serves ferry routes to almost every island in the eastern portion of Greece, the island of Crete, the Cyclades, the Dodecanese, and much of the northern and the eastern Aegean Sea, while the western part of the port is used for cargo services.
Piracy in the Caribbean
The Spanish Empire’s colonies were badly neglected from the middle of the seventeenth century because of Spain’s many woes. 
Freebooters and privateers, experienced after decades of European warfare, pillaged and plundered the almost defenseless Spanish settlements with ease and with little interference from the European governments back home who were too worried about their own European problems to turn much attention to their New World colonies.
The non-Spanish colonies were growing and expanding across the Caribbean, fueled by a great increase in immigration as people fled from the chaos and lack of economic opportunity in Europe.
While most of these new immigrants settled into the West Indies’ expanding plantation economy, others took to the life of the buccaneer. 
Piracy in the Caribbean
After 1720, piracy in the classic sense became extremely rare in the Caribbean as European military and naval forces, especially those of the Royal Navy, just became too widespread and active for any pirate to pursue an effective career for long.
Pirates who were caught were usually hanged as soon as the British returned to port.
Piracy saw a brief resurgence between the end of the War of the Spanish Succession in 1713 and around 1720, as many unemployed seafarers took to piracy as a way to make ends meet when a surplus of sailors after the war led to a decline in wages and working conditions. 
At the same time, one of the terms of the Treaty of Utrecht that ended the war gave to Great Britain’s Royal African Company and other British slavers a thirty-year asiento, or contract, to furnish African slaves to the Spanish colonies, providing British merchants and smugglers potential inroads into the traditionally closed Spanish markets in America and leading to an economic revival for the whole region.
Piracy
This nicety of law did not always save the individuals concerned, however, as whether one was considered a pirate or a legally operating privateer often depended on whose custody the individual found himself in-that of the country that had issued the commission, or that of the object of attack.
Spanish authorities were known to execute foreign privateers with their letters of marque hung around their necks to emphasize Spain's rejection of such defenses.
Furthermore, many privateers exceeded the bounds of their letters of marque by attacking nations with which their sovereign was at peace (Thomas Tew and William Kidd are notable examples), and thus made themselves liable to conviction for piracy. 
However, a letter of marque did provide some cover for such pirates, as plunder seized from neutral or friendly shipping could be passed off later as taken from enemy merchants.
Pir Roshan
Pir Roshan is a major figure in Pushtu history and literature.
He led an armed struggle against the Mughals, after continuous military agitations against him and his people from Akbar.
Seeing the spiritual and religious hold of Pir Roshan over a large portion of Pashtuns, Akbar brought in a number of religious figures against the struggle, most notably Akhund Darweza.
In actuality the book was written after the death of Akhund Darweza and after some considerable time , since it refers to Pir Roshan in past tense and even misspells even the word Roshan. 
Pir Piai
The Mughals and their armies too used this route many times.
The building is known as "Bawlai" and in danger to be vanished because there is no care by the Federal, Provincial and Local Governments but also for the local community.
It is known fact that men from the village were often recruited by the passing armies.
One famous soldier recruited was known in those times as Bahadur Baba, he was an older man but fought fiercely and with great skill.
Pippin (musical)
All alone on a stage, Pippin is surrounded by the Leading Player and the various troupe members.
They all suggest that Pippin complete the most perfect act ever: the Finale.
Pippin is reluctant, but agrees that perhaps suicide is the best way to go ("Finale"), but he is stopped by his natural misgivings and also by one actress from the troupe-the woman playing Catherine.
Pippin realizes that he has given up his extraordinary purpose for the simplest and most ordinary life of all, and he is finally a happy man.
Piping Plover
When the chicks hatch many areas will put up snow fencing to restrict driving and pets for the safety of the chicks.
The threats to nests include predators such as crows, cats, racoons, fox and various other animals to less extents.
Ghost Crabs have been noted as being a possible predator of young chicks.
As a precaution it is best to stay away from any bird that appears distressed to prevent any unintended consequences.
Pipil grammar
Ideophones are a distinct set of lexical items, often denoting some process that is directly perceived by the senses (such as a kind of sound or visual experience), which enter into a special range of language-specific grammatical patterns.
Nawat is one of many languages possessing such items and the associated patterns, which in this case are 'expressive' verb formations. 
The root form of a typical Nawat ideophone is a CVCV sequence, e.g. '-chala-, -china-, -kelu-, -kina-, -kumu-, -kwala-, -tapa-, -tikwi-, -tzaya-, -tzili-, -tzutzu-'.
These roots are not words and only acquire full meaning when they enter into one or another of the derivational patterns for Nawat ideophones.
Some at least are probably onomatopoeic in origin. 
Pipeline video inspection
Older sewer lines of small diameter (typically - 150mm) are made by the union of a number of short (10 ft - 3 m) sections.
The pipe segments may be made of cast iron but are more often made of vitrified clay pipe (VCP), a ceramic material made from vitrified clay.
Roots from trees and vegetation may work into the joins between segments and can be forceful enough to break open a larger opening in terra cotta or corroded cast iron.
Eventually a root ball will form that will impede the flow and this may cleaned out by a cutter mechanism and subsequently inhibited by use of a chemical foam - a 'rooticide'.
Pipe organ
Sometimes, a single rank of pipes may be able to be controlled by several stops, allowing the rank to be played at multiple pitches or on multiple manuals.
Such a rank is said to be 'unified' or 'borrowed'.
For example, an 8&prime; Diapason rank may also be made available as a 4&prime; Octave.
Because the 8&prime; rank does not have enough pipes to sound the top octave of the keyboard at 4&prime; pitch, it is common for an extra octave of pipes used only for the borrowed 4&prime; stop to be added.
Pipe organ
Keyboards played by the hands are known as 'manuals' (from the Latin ', meaning "hand").
Every organ has at least one manual (most have two or more), and most have a pedalboard.
Each keyboard is named for a particular division of the organ (a group of ranks) and generally controls only the stops from that division.
The range of the keyboards has varied widely across time and between countries.
Pipe (material)
Metallic pipes are commonly made from steel or iron; the metal chemistry and its finish are peculiar to the use fit and form.
Typically metallic piping may be made of steel or iron, such as unfinished, black (lacquer) steel, carbon steel, stainless steel or galvanized steel, brass, and ductile iron.
Aluminum pipe or tubing may be utilized where iron is incompatible with the service fluid or where weight is a concern; aluminum is also used for heat transfer tubing such as in refrigerant systems.
Copper tubing is popular for domestic water (potable)plumbing systems; copper may be used where heat transfer is desirable (i.e. radiators or heat exchangers).
Pioneers of photography in the Philippines
It is believed that de Mas used a daguerreotype camera in 1841. 
The use of photography became more common in Manila and the rest of the Philippines from the year 1860 onwards.
Although it is believed that the first photography studios were opened in the Philippines in the 1850s, the first known actively operational photo studio was that of the British photographer Albert Honnis. 
Recognized as a resident photographer in the Philippines since 1865 through the 1870s, Honnis was a popular producer of commercial “visiting cards” and “aesthetic” picture portraits.
Pioneering
It is widely used in Scouting and Girl Guiding.
Many Scout and Guide groups train their members in pioneering skills and construct projects, both small and large.
In camp, Scouts may construct functional items like tables, camp dressers and gadgets, as well as decorative camp gateways.
Pioneering is a common merit badge in many countries , and was required for Eagle in the 1920s and 1930s 
Pioneer 3
It re-entered Earth's atmosphere and burned up over Africa on December 7 at approximately 19:51 UT (2:51 p.m. EST) at an estimated location of 16.4 N, 18.6 E.
The probe returned telemetry for about 25 hours of its 38 hour 6 minute journey.
The other 13 hours were blackout periods due to the location of the two tracking stations.
The returned information showed that the internal temperature remained at about 43 °C over most of the period.
The trapped radiation starts at an altitude of several hundred miles from Earth (where the outer belt was first observed by Sputnik 2 and Sputnik 3) and extends for several thousand miles into space.
Pio of Pietrelcina
A statue of Saint Pio in Messina, Sicily attracted attention in 2002 when it allegedly wept tears of blood. 
Padre Pio has become one of the world's most popular saints. 
There are more than 3,000 "Padre Pio Prayer Groups" worldwide, with three million members.
A 2006 survey by the magazine 'Famiglia Cristiana' found that more Italian Catholics pray to Padre Pio than to any other figure.
Pinzgauer High Mobility All-Terrain Vehicle
(Air-cooled carburetor engines are still in use in many small aircraft due to their reliability.
The Pinzgauer has a central tube chassis with a transaxle which distributes the weight more evenly and keeps the center of gravity as low as possible.
The 710 4x4 was the more popular variant, but the Pinzgauer was designed to have a very capable 6x6 configuration from the start.
The rear suspension on the back of the 6x6 712 is designed to provide maximum traction in the most demanding circumstances along with increasing its towing, load carrying, and off-road abilities.
Pinyon pine
They are one of the main crops for many animals. 
It is very important for regeneration of pinyon woods, as it stores large numbers of the seeds in the ground for later use, and excess seeds not used are in an ideal position to grow into new trees.
The Mexican Jay is also important for the dispersal of some pinyon species as, less often, is the Clark's Nutcracker. 
Many other species of animal also eat pinyon nuts, without dispersing them. 
Pinus longaeva
The cones are ovoid-cylindrical, long and broad when closed, green or purple at first, ripening orange-buff when 16 months old, with numerous thin, fragile scales, each scale with a bristle-like spine long.
The seeds are long, with a wing; they are mostly dispersed by the wind, but some are also dispersed by Clark's Nutcrackers, which pluck the seeds out of the opening cones.
The nutcrackers use the seeds as a food resource, storing many for later use, and some of these stored seeds are not used and are able to grow into new plants.
However, in many stands current reproduction is not adequate to replace old and dying trees.
Pinus canariensis
The green to yellow-green leaves are needle-like, in bundles of three, 15-30 cm long, with finely toothed margins and often drooping.
A characteristic of the species is the occurrence of glaucous (bluish-green) epicormic shoots growing from the lower trunk, but in its natural area this only occurs as a consequence of fire or other damage.
In fact, this pine is one of the most fire-resistant conifers in the world.
The cones are 10-23 cm long, glossy chestnut-brown in colour, frequently remaining closed for several years (serotinous cones).
Pinto horse
Controversies
Breed registries and white markings
Many breed registries do not, or at some time in the past did not, accept "cropout" horses with spots or "excess" white for registration, believing such animals were likely to be crossbreds, or due to a fear of producing Lethal White foals.
This exclusion of offspring from pedigreed parents led to the formation not only of the American Paint Horse Association, but other Pinto registries as well.
However, modern DNA testing has revealed that some breeds do possess genes for spotting patterns, such as a non-SB-1 sabino pattern in Arabians, and sabino, overo, and tobiano in Quarter Horses.
On the other hand, the Jockey Club's Thoroughbred registry still does not officially recognize pinto as a registerable color, though they do allow white body spots to be recorded under the category of markings.
The Welsh Pony and Cob Society of the UK also does not accept "piebald" or "skewbald" horses for registration.
Pinter's People
Charles Spencer, in 'The Daily Telegraph' described the show as "one of the most punishingly unfunny evenings I have ever endured in a theatre."
In 'The Guardian,' Michael Billington commented, "Pinter’s people have been turned into lurching grotesques and the result does a grave disservice both to the writer and comic acting.""
What the critics are saying about Bill Bailey and co's comedic take on the Nobel laureate's characters.
It's not pretty"
Benedict Nightingale in 'The Times' wrote: "Last night I was sickened by some of the coarsest performances I have ever seen in a London playhouse", before going on to praise the second half of the show."
Pinsk massacre
The initial reports of the massacre, which echoed the Polish claims that the murder victims were Bolshevik conspirators, were based on an account given by an American investigator, Franciszek (Francis) Fronczak, who had come to Europe in May 1918, with the permission of the State Department.
Polish National Committee, where he directed the organization's Department of Public Welfare, and was considered "very anti-semitic" by his colleagues.
Fronczak, although not an eyewitness, accepted Luczynski's claims that the aid distribution meeting was actually a meeting in which Bolsheviks were conspiring to obtain arms and to murder Pinsk's small garrison, and himself claimed to have heard shots being fired from the Jewish meeting hall at Polish troops.
Fronczak, who also claimed to have heard a confession from a mortally wounded Jew when he arrived at the town square where the executions took place.
Pinoy Big Brother: Double Up
The first set of auditions were held in late 2007 in several key cities in the Philippines, as well as the cities of Madrid, Milan, and Dubai. 
The second set of auditions for this season, as well as for the third Teen Edition, were held exclusively in several key cities in the Philippines. 
From those two sets of auditions, it was reported by ABS-CBN that fifty people were chosen for shortlist.
It remains to be known how many of them would actually enter the House. 
Pinot noir
Pinot gris is a bud sport of Pinot noir, presumably representing a somatic mutation in either the VvMYBA1 or VvMYBA2 genes that control grape colour. 
Pinot blanc may represent a further mutation of Pinot gris. 
The DNA profiles of both Pinot gris and blanc are identical to Pinot noir; by Carole Meredith on the origins of grape varieties the other two major Pinots, 'Pinot moure' and 'Pinot teinturier', are also genetically very similar.
A more recent white grape sport was propagated in 1936 by Henri Gouges of Burgundy, and there is now 2.5ha planted of this grape which Clive Coates calls 'Pinot Gouges', and others call 'Pinot Musigny'. 
Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night
On the other end of the cavern, which seems darker and emptier, the gondolaman tells Pinocchio that the location of the jewel box is in that direction.
A doorman dressed in green informs Pinocchio that he can have fun like the other children—as many toys as he wants, fame and stardom—on the condition that when he is done playing, he returns and signs a paper contract.
Before he can grab a toy, the older boy catches him and gives Pinocchio another mug of the green liquid.
Pinocchio is startled and realizes he is seeing things; he begins to hallucinate the faces of the children stretching and contorting in a variety of colors and Pinocchio blacks out.
Pinniped
Amongst the phocids, lactation varies from 4 to 50 days, whereas the otarids may lactate from 4 to 36 months.
To compensate for the short lactation period, the fat content of phocid milk is higher than in any other species of marine mammal (45–60% fat).
After lactation most female phocids make extensive migratory movements to feeding grounds for intensive foraging to recoup depleted energy reserves.
On the other hand, otariid feeding grounds are generally closer to shore and females go on foraging trips.
Pinkeye (South Park)
Although they ultimately settled on having Kyle kill the "main zombie" to bring back the others, Parker did not feel the resolution made sense and described it as a deus ex machina.
Parker said of the ending, "This was another big one of those episodes where we were sort of (like), 'How do we get out of this one?'"
Parker said, "We were pretty bummed out, and we kind of thought, well, we're going to have a bad episode go on the air, and hopefully it won't alienate too many people, and we'll try to get our viewers back for Thanksgiving.
But we were totally wrong, people totally loved it."
Pink-collar worker
World War I was the beginning of "Pink-collar jobs", the military needed personnel to type letters, answer phones, and perform other tasks.
After completing their training some female nurses worked in hospitals, but most worked in field tents.
They worked in factories and some even joined the armed forces.
These women were segregated from men in separate groups.
Pink-collar worker
Often kept out of traditional blue and white collar jobs by physical requirements and prejudice, many women found ways to take their domestic skills into the world of paid work. 
Greater wealth in industrialized nations also means that more money is spent on the services provided by pink collar positions.
During the twentieth century, with some ups and downs within the culture and different degrees of change in different countries, there has been less separation between men's and women's jobs. 
Not only this, but as women are becoming more educated, more employment opportunities have become available that once were out of reach for most women.
Increasingly, women have opportunities in traditionally male white-collar jobs and men have opportunities in traditionally female pink-collar jobs.
Pink Project
"Disco Project" was a major hit in Italy during the summer of 1982, and this implicitly obliged Pulga & Co. to put up a fictional band for TV performances.
Indeed they did - the song was mimed various times on Italian TV by four people (on bass, guitar, drums and keyboards) dressed up in black monk-like robes and black pointed hoods.
Although there were rumors at the time about three of the mysterious individuals being actually Pulga, Ninzatti and Bonsanto themselves (with the fourth "member" being Massimo Noe), this was never really confirmed or denied by anyone. 
Also, the TV performances did not feature any choir or anyone lip-synching the lyrics, although the vocals were clearly heard.
Pink (singer)
Its lead single, "Get the Party Started" (written and produced by Perry), went top five in the U.S. and many other countries , and number one in Australia. 
The album's other singles—"Don't Let Me Get Me", the Dallas Austin-produced "Just like a Pill", and "Family Portrait"—were also radio and chart successes, with "Just like a Pill" becoming Pink's first solo UK number-one hit.
It was the second best-selling album in the UK during 2002.
Pingu episodes series 5
After some typically naughty behaviour in the bathroom by Pingu, including squirting the toothpaste on the mirror and making a fiendish shape from the pattern, they eventually get to bed. 
Pingu is also initially scared by the shadow, but then realises that a mask and some other things have caused the shadow. 
They both sit on Pingu’s bed and Pingu makes some shadows on the wall that Pinga enjoys. 
After some thought Pingu does a shadow of Father and mimics him, which Pinga applauds. 
Pingu episodes series 3
They spot it going into another neighbour’s igloo while this neighbour, who has tufts on her head, is distracted hanging out the washing.
The other neighbour also has an egg, which is on a cot in the igloo.
The run-away egg jumps onto the cot, knocking the other neighbours egg off onto the floor.
Pingu then realises what has happened, explains, and he and the neighbour go to the other neighbours house, where the other egg has now hatched.
Pingree Park, Colorado
A popular program at Pingree Park is the Challenge Ropes Course operated on the campus.
Many groups use the facilities including students from both Colorado State University and Poudre School District.
Additionally many recreational and corporate groups include a stop at the Ropes Course for use in team building exercises.
The course consists of several low and high elements built in 1989 with a large climbing wall and adjoining "Giant Swing" built in 2005.
Piney Woods
American Alligators are not as common as they once were, but their population has rebounded since the 1960s.
Recently, there has been significant talk of reintroducing the Black Bear into many parts of East Texas. 
The most common fish is Catfish, which are a native species but also stocked in local reservoirs.
Crayfish are common along river and creek banks.
Pinelands, Cape Town
The "garden city" suburb of 'Pinelands' is located on the edge of the southern suburbs of Cape Town in South Africa and is known for its large thatched houses.
The suburb is primarily residential and is often praised for its peacefulness and abundance of trees.
Pinelands is one of the few areas in Cape Town in which sale of alcohol is prohibited and is a popular place for senior citizens to retire to.
While there are several retirement homes in the suburb, younger people are increasingly moving in.
Pine Mountain Lake, California
Snow in the winter usually is light, and while the streets are plowed, you will not likely need to shovel your driveway.
Land line phone service is available with high speed internet is most areas.
US postal service offers P.O. boxes in Downtown Groveland and delivery to Pine Mountain Lake's many neighborhood lock box centers within the gated community.
Furniture deliveries and other tradesmen need the owners to call in a pass for them at the Main Security Gate to gain entrance.
Pine Barrens (New Jersey)
During colonial times, the Pine Barrens was home to various industries.
Bog iron was mined from bogs, streams, and waterways, and was worked in furnaces at Batsto, Lake Atsion, Ferrago, Hanover, and several other locations. 
Over time, however, the forest reclaimed almost all traces of the Pine Barrens' industrial past.
Ghost towns—remnants of these industries—can still be found at various locations, and one, Batsto Village, has been restored to its mid-19th century state.
Pindi Perunnal
And the people of Irinjalakkuda celebrate pindiperunnal very happily. 
Also another feature is there.
And all the people will put up a pindi (Plantain) with some decorations in front of their home. 
Also some lighting arrangements will be done.
Pindar
Pindar is one of the most famous Greek poets, one of the few whose works are still extant in sizeable part. 
Pindar wrote choral works such as paeans and other hymns for religious festivals.
Most of his writings were in honor of notable personages and victory odes in honor of winners at various games.
In addition to Hiero of Syracuse, other known patrons included Theron of Acragas, and Arcesilas of Cyrene.
Pincho
A 'pincho' (Spanish; literally, 'thorn' or 'spike') or 'pintxo' (Basque) is the name of certain snacks typically eaten in bars, traditional in northern Spain and especially popular in the Basque country. 
Originating in the Basque Country , they are usually eaten in bars or taverns as a small snack while hanging out with friends or relatives; thus, they have a strong socializing component, and they are usually regarded as a cornerstone of Basque Culture and Society. 
They are related to tapas, the main difference being that pinchos are ordered and eaten individually, whilst tapas are usually a small portion of food to be shared.
In addition, tapas are served on a small dish, whist pinchos are generally arranged on bread slices.
Pinball 2000
Pinball 2000 uses a 19 inch CGA color monitor for graphics output, although it is even possible to exchange the built in monitors by a LCD if it can handle the low refresh rate (15kHz) and resolution (640x240) of an arcade CGA monitor.
The used DCS2 hardware allows for full stereo output (whereas the old WPC system uses mono) and the Pinball 2000 cabinet was the first to be equipped with a real subwoofer in the cabinet (other pinball machines feature a broadband speaker to save money).
The machines also offer networking support, a feature that can be used to easily run game tournaments (each connected machine then displays the total highscores and optional player pictures) or to play the machine via another computer connected using TELNET, so it's even possible to control the pinball machine via webcam and internet.
Also other broken hardware (like switches, solenoids and the like) is displayed on the TV screen and marked on the drawn playfield for simplified maintenance.
Pinball
If it clearly rolls off to one side, a player may be inclined to stuff folded paper beneath the legs on the lower side to level the playfield.
The ball is put into play by use of the 'plunger', a spring-loaded rod that strikes the ball as it rests in an entry lane, or as in some newer games, by a button that signals the game logic to fire a solenoid that strikes the ball.
Manipulation of the ball may also be accomplished by nudging (physically pushing the cabinet).
However, excessive nudging is generally penalized by the loss of the current player's turn (known as 'tilting') or ending of the entire game when the nudging is particularly violent (known as 'slam tilting').
Pin risk (options)
In this situation, the underlier is said to have 'pinned'.
Therefore, the writer may end up with a residual position in the underlier.
There is a chance that the price of the underlier may gap adversely, resulting in an unanticipated loss to the writer.
In other words, an option position may result in a large, undesired risky position in the underlier on the Monday following expiration regardless of the actions of the trader.
Pin insulator
Other major companies from the USA which can be found embossed on insulators.
A few company names found embossed on insulators (and by no means a comprehensive listing) are A T & T, American Insulator, Armstrong, Brookfield, California, Good, Hawley, King City Glass Works (K.C.G.W.), Kerr, Lynchburg, McLaughlin, N.E.G.M Co., Ohio Valley Glass Company (O.V.G.C.), Pyrex, Sterling, Twiggs, Western Flint Glass, Whitall Tatum, and many other names from companies in the States.
Co.and others.
Other manufacturers include Telgraficos Nacionales (Mexico), Zicme (South America), Miva (Italy), Isorex (France), Agee (Australia), and many more.
Pimp
A 'pimp', also called a 'fleshmonger' or 'pander,' finds and manages women (often very young women) who are vulnerable and susceptible, for what ever reason, to extreme manipulation and engages them in prostitution (in brothels and on the streets) in order to profit from their earnings.
Typically , a pimp will not force prostitutes to "be with him", although some have been known to be abusive in order to keep their prostitutes submissive or to maximize profits. 
A pimp may also offer to protect his prostitutes from rival pimps and prostitutes, or from abusive clients. 
Pimping is illegal in most countries.
Pimlico tube station
Pimlico station was a late addition to the final section of the Victoria Line between Victoria and Brixton and is the only station on the line which does not have an interchange with another Underground and/or National Rail line.
There are two other entrances, in Lupus Street and on the other side of Bessborough Street.
These others have ramps as well as stairs, facilitating wheelchair access.
However, there are still a few steps to walk down to enter the ticket hall.
Pimento cheese
'Pimento cheese' is a common food in the Southern United States.
The recipe for most pimento cheese spreads has few ingredients: sharp cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, pimentos, salt and pepper.
A pimento cheese sandwich may be a quick and cheap lunch for children, or it may be served as an elegant cocktail finger food (with crusts trimmed, a bit of watercress, and cut into triangles).
It is also a common snack in the Philippines, where it is referred to as cheese-pimiento.
Pilosella aurantiaca
'P. aurantiaca' is widely grown as an ornamental plant in gardens for its very decorative flowers.
It has been introduced into Australasia and North America and escaped from gardens and is considered an invasive species in some areas. 
It is on the noxious weeds and/or quarantine lists of Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Oregon , Washington and regions of British Columbia , with cultivation usually prohibited.
In Australia, the plant is considered a noxious weed in Tasmania and it is quarantined from the country.
Pillow
There are five common synonyms for decorative pillows which are descriptive of their use in the home.
"Accent" Pillows emphasize or accent some other part of the home decor.
The terms Sofa Pillow and Couch Pillow refer to the place these decorative pillows are likely found.
The terms Toss pillow and Throw pillow refer to the way they generally arrive in their places.
Pillow
A 'pillow' is a large cushion support for the head, usually used while sleeping in a bed, or for the body as used on a couch or chair.
Outside the USA these are generally considered a type of cushion, with the term 'pillow' reserved for the pillows on a bed.
In Tudor England, pillows became widely-used; it was believed only women giving birth should use one.
Traditional Chinese pillows are often hard boxes made from stone, wood, metal, or porcelain instead of stuffed fabric.
Pillory
Rather like the lesser punishment called the stocks, the pillory consisted of hinged wooden boards that formed holes through which the head and/or various limbs were inserted; then the boards were locked together to secure the captive.
Pillories were set up to hold petty criminals in marketplaces, crossroads, and other public places.
They were often placed on platforms to increase public visibility of the punished offender.
(See photo, right.) Often a placard detailing the crime was placed nearby; these punishments generally lasted only a few hours.
Pillars of Hercules
One part of the split mountain is Gibraltar and the other is either Monte Hacho or Jebel Musa.
These two mountains taken together have since then been known as the Pillars of Hercules, though other natural features have been associated with the name."
Close to the Pillars there are two isles, one of which they call Hera's Island; moreover, there are some who call also these isles the Pillars." 
Piksi
The cladistic analysis - essentially limited to characters of the elbow joint - found these to be phylogenetically quite uninformative; it was not even possible to distinguish Neornithes from Enantiornithes.
Still, it provided a valuable hint, not for the phylogeny but for the morphology of 'P. barbarulna': apart from the autapomorphies, the elbow joint of the prehistoric bird is very similar to that of such little-related birds as the Little Chachalaca, the Dusky Grouse and the prehistoric 'Palaeortyx gallica' (all galliforms), the Little Tinamou (a tinamou), and the Western Crowned Pigeon (a columbiform) - but not the Wood Pigeon (another columbiform).
Thus, while 'P. barbarulna' was almost certainly not flightless, the ulna lacks quill knobs; this might be due to flightlessness, abrasion in the fossil, or fairly weak secondary remiges. 
However, flamingos which fly well and have normally-developed secondaries also lack ulnar quill knobs (Varricchio 2002), it is most likely that it was a heavyset bird with comparatively small, rounded wings, in general body shape rather similar to a tinamou or galliform. 
Pikmin (series)
Pikmin come in several colors, each with their own strengths and weaknesses.
The first species introduced are purple Pikmin, who move slower than normal Pikmin, but have ten times the strength and weight of other Pikmin, giving them the ability to pick up much heavier objects and attack and destroy obstacles and other enemies with fewer numbers.
White Pikmin are themselves immune to poison, can locate buried treasure with their special eyes, and can run faster than other Pikmin.
The only way to "keep" them is if they are transformed into other Pikmin species with Candypop Buds.
Pikmin
Pikmin are very social creatures, seemingly interacting with other Pikmin of all colors if left alone, but focus their attention entirely on Olimar when called into active duty.
Pikmin naturally form groups within their own color, but cooperate well with Pikmin of another color.
If allowed to separate into groups during periods of inactivity, they separate along color lines, but do not object to being placed together.
When Pikmin of any kind drink nectar they transform into flower Pikmin which are faster than leaf or bud pikmin, and can sometimes be stronger than the other pikmin.
Pikes Peak
There are several visitor centers on Pikes Peak, some with a gift shop and restaurant.
These centers are located at 6 mile, 12 mile and the summit itself, and there are several ways to ascend the mountain.
Automobiles can be driven to the summit via the Pikes Peak Highway, a 19 mile (31 kilometer) road which starts a few miles up Ute Pass at Cascade.
This road, which was unpaved after the halfway point, was made famous worldwide by the short film 'Climb Dance' featuring Ari Vatanen racing his Peugeot up the steep, twisty slopes as part of the annual Pikes Peak International Hillclimb race.
Pikachu
The Pokédex, in several games in the series, states that Pikachu forage for berries. 
They are said to store electricity in their cheeks, and by simply squeezing them they can discharge sparks, lightning bolts, or other forms of electricity. 
Discharging sparks and thunderbolts may be a sign of wariness from the Pokémon.
Pokédex:' When several of these Pokémon gather, their electricity could build and cause lightning storms.
Pika Danylo
He was the strongest bandurists in the group and probably the first to have played bandura in the group having initially converted the singers to bandurists and then initially teaching them. 
He is thought by some to have been a KGB informer and had informed on V. Kabachok and caused his subsequent arrest. 
Pika signed his name to numerous arrangements by Khotkevych (Od Kyiva do Luben, Oj Dzhygune,) - Khotkevych's arrangements were banned from being played after 1934) and other acreditted to being the composer of Tripak - Oi Hop ty-ny-ny (original recorded by Sadowsky's choir in 1911 an arrangement of Kropovnytsky's).
I feel from the evidence shown to me that the informant was probably Pika and that he also informed on Kabachok in 1937 after their tour of the Combined Bandurist Capella to Leningrad) 
Pigovian tax
A Pigovian tax is considered one of the "traditional" means of bringing a modicum of market forces, and thus better market efficiency, to economic situations where externality problems exist. 
More recently, particularly in the United States since the late 1970s, and in other developed nations since the 1980s, an alternative to Pigovian taxation has arisen: the creation of a market for "pollution rights."
Pollution rights markets are not generally more efficient than Pigovian taxes but are often more appealing to policy makers because giving out the rights for free (or at less than market price) allows polluters to lose less profits or even gain profits (by selling their rights) relative to the unaltered market case. 
Pollution rights markets are a part of the field of Environmental Economics generally, and Free-market environmentalism specifically.
Piggybacking (internet access)
Network owners leave their networks unsecured for a variety of reasons.
They may desire to share their internet access with their neighbours or the general public or may be intimidated by the knowledge and effort required to secure their network while making it available to their own laptops.
Some wireless networking devices may not support the latest security mechanisms, and users must therefore leave their network unsecured. 
Given the rarity of such cases where hosts have been held liable for the activities of piggybackers, they may be unaware or unconcerned about the risks they incur by not securing their network, or of a need for an option to protect their network.
Pigeon keeping
Other flying/sporting pigeons are bred for unique flying characteristics other than homing, such as rolling, high-flying, and diving.
These birds, which may be flown in competitions, include but are not limited to Rollers, Tumblers, and Tipplers.
It should also be noted that a few varieties, for example, the Parlor Roller, are considered to be within the flying/sporting group even though they do not fly.
This is because they compete on basis of their performance and not their appearance.
Competitors in pigeon sporting competitions such as pigeon races can win large sums of prize money when their pigeons return home the fastest from a race.
The use of pigeons to carry messages is commonly called Pigeon Post.
Pigeon keeping
In the past wealthy landowners often had pigeon houses and kept pigeons.
However, the flavor of the meat of the birds was prized by many people and so organized commercial enterprises marketing squab meat arose.
Ten pairs of pigeons can produce eight squabs each month without being fed especially by the pigeon keepers.
For a greater yield, commercially raised squab may be produced in a two-nest system, where the mother lays two new eggs in a second nest while the squabs are still growing in the first nest, fed by their father.
Establishing two breeding lines has also been suggested as a strategy, where one breeding line is selected for prolificacy and the other is selected for "parental performance".
Pigeon intelligence
Pigeons have the capacity to share attention between different dimensions of a stimulus, but (like humans and other animals) their performance with multiple dimensions is worse than with a single stimulus dimension.
Pigeons can discriminate between other individual pigeons, and can use the behaviour of another individual as a cue to tell them what response to make.
They do less well with categories defined by abstract logical relationships, e.g. "symmetrical" or "same", though some experimenters have successfully trained pigeons to discriminate such categories. 
Pigeons can remember large numbers of individual images for a long time, e.g. hundreds of images for periods of several years.
Pietro di Francesco degli Orioli
Orioli was an important artist within an often overlooked school of Italian Renaissance painting. 
Stylistic he is similar to the contemporaries operating within his home city, as well as being related to the highly celebrated Florentine Botticelli, who he may have influenced. 
His work differs from that of some of his kinsmen, however, in showing what would have been seen by those outside Siena as a more modern approach.
His lack of fame can most likely be attributed to the fact that he appears to have worked chiefly within Siena alone, his premature death at the age of just 37 and the general ignorance of the outside world to Sienese painting in the renaissance. 
Pietro Mascagni
'Pietro Mascagni' (December 7, 1863 - August 2, 1945) was an Italian composer most noted for his operas.
'L'amico Fritz' and 'Iris' have been popular in Europe since their respective premieres.
In fact, Mascagni himself claimed that at one point 'Iris' was performed in Italy more often than 'Cavalleria' (cf. Stivender).
It is certainly a better vehicle for a popular lyric soprano. 
Pieter Geyl
'Napoleon For and Against' was an account of how French historians of different ages and views have regarded the French emperor.
From Napoleon's time to the present French historians have presented Napoleon as either a Corsican adventurer who brought death and destruction to France or as a patriotic Frenchman who brought glory and prosperity.
Geyl used his book to advance his view that all historians are influenced by the present when writing history and thus all historical writing is transitory.
For Geyl the best that historians could do was to critically examine their beliefs and urge their readers to do likewise.
Pieter Bruegel the Elder
He spent some time in France and Italy, and then went to Antwerp, where in 1551 he was accepted as a master in the painter's guild. 
He received the nickname 'Peasant Bruegel' or 'Bruegel the Peasant' for his alleged practice of dressing up like a peasant in order to mingle at weddings and other celebrations, thereby gaining inspiration and authentic details for his genre paintings. 
Both became painters, but as they were very young children when their father died, it is believed neither received any training from him. 
According to Carel van Mander, it is likely that they were instructed by their grandmother Mayken Verhulst van Aelst, who was also an artist.
Piet Mondrian
At 71 in the fall of 1943, Mondrian moved into his second and final New York studio at 15 East 59th Street, and set about again to create the environment he had learned over the years was most congenial to his modest way of life and most stimulating to his art.
He glossed the top of a white metal stool in the same brilliant primary red he applied to the cardboard sheath he made for the radio-phonograph that spilled forth his beloved jazz from well-traveled records, Visitors to this last studio seldom saw more than one or two new canvases, but found, often to their astonishment , that eight large compositions of colored bits of paper he had tacked and re-tacked to the walls in ever-changing relationships constituted together an environment that, paradoxically and simultaneously, was both kinetic and serene, stimulating and restful. 
It was the best space, Mondrian said, that he had ever inhabited.
Tragically , he was there for only a few months: he died of pneumonia in February 1944. 
Pies Descalzos
If she had failed to produce a suitably successful record, this would be her third and last album, most likely ending her singing career. 
Shakira managed to produce the majority of the album.
Shakira rewrote many of her old songs with new melodies along with her partner Luis F. Ochoa. 
When promoting the album, Shakira was only given a small auditorium, the guests consisting of people who had heard about the press conference of the album.
Piers Plowman
'Piers Plowman' likely functioned for Crowley as a reformist text with polemic and prophetic qualities (although he denies the latter in his preface), but the text and apparatus do not overtly convey that impression.
Some of Crowley's marginal glosses and his passus summaries are clearly polemical, but there are very few glosses (and no passus summaries) in the first edition. 
The assertion of propagandistic editorial intervention by Crowley exaggerates both his glosses, and the evidence that he deliberately deleted "Catholic" elements of Langland's poem--i.e., a few references to purgatory, transubstantiation, and some praise for monasticism.
In the second and third editions, where the glosses were substantially increased, almost half are biblical citations.
Pierre-Jean de Béranger
In 1848, in spite of his reluctance, he was elected to the Constituent Assembly, by so large a number of votes (204,471) that he felt himself obliged to accept the seat.
Nothing could exceed the amiability of his private character; so poor a man has rarely been so rich in good actions; he was always ready to receive help from his friends when he was in need, and always forward to help others. 
He occupied some of his leisure in preparing his own memoirs, and a certain treatise on 'Social and Political Morality', intended for the people, a work he had much at heart, but judged at last to be beyond his strength.
On his death, it was feared that his funeral would be the signal for some political disturbance; but the government took immediate measures, and all went quietly.
Pierre van Maldere
Van Maldere was educated as a violinist and composer, probably by the directors of the Brussels court chapel, Jean-Joseph Fiocco and Henri-Jacques de Croes. 
He accompanied the prince on his many travels, to France (Paris), Bohemia (Prague) and Austria (Vienna), where his two first comic operas were performed in Schönbrunn: 'Le Déguisement pastoral' (1756) en 'Les Amours champetres' (1758).
His works were known to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Joseph Haydn.
Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf notes him as one of the most important virtuosos of his time.
Pierre de Ronsard
His odes, which are very numerous, are also very interesting and in their best shape very perfect compositions. 
In this latter kind he devised some exquisitely melodious rhythms of which, till our own day, the secret died with the 17th century. 
Generally speaking , Ronsard is best in his amatory verse (the long series of sonnets and odes to Cassandre, Pikles, Marie, Genévre, Héléne--Héléne de Surgeres, a later and mainly "literary" love--etc.), and in his descriptions of the country (the famous "'Mignonne allons voir si la rose'," the "'Fontaine Bellerie'," the "'Foret de Gastine'," and so forth), which have an extraordinary grace and freshness. 
He knew well too how to manage the gorgeous adjectives ("'marbrine'," "'cinabrine'," "'ivoirine'" and the like) which were another fancy of the Pléiade, and in his hands they rarely become stiff or cumbrous. 
Pierre de Larivey
He has no claim to be the originator of French comedy—the 'Corrivaux' of Jean de la Taille dates from 1562—but Larivey naturalized the Italian comedy of intrigue in France.
Despite closely following his Italian models, he succeeded in conveying a lively spoken language, often full of saucy humor.
Larivey's merit lies in the use of popular language in dialogue, which often rises to real excellence, and was not without influence on Moliere and Regnard.
In any case, prose comedy gained very little ground in popular favor before the time of Moliere. 
Pierre Rossier
By October 1860, Rossier had returned to Nagasaki, where he took photographs of the harbour on behalf of the British Consul, George S. Morrison, for which Rossier was paid $70.
In a letter dated 13 October 1860, Morrison wrote, "... considering that M. Rossier's time is specifically devoted to other purposes, and that he was occupied with them for several days... as he is not a tradesman here for the sale of photographs, [I] was not in a position to bargain..." (Bennett).
Seventy dollars was a substantial sum; to put it in some perspective, fourteen years later Henry Smith Munroe, an American employee of the Japanese government, was considering buying a complete set of 500 photographs by Uchida Kuichi that cost $250 or three-quarters of Munroe's monthly salary as a well-paid foreign advisor (Dobson, 20; Clark, Fraser, and Osman, 137-138).
Bennett speculates that 'Negretti and Zambra' may have delayed publishing the images because of problems with the quality of the negatives, either because they were damaged in transit or because of Rossier's known difficulties in finding the correct photographic chemicals in Asia (Bennett).
An 1861 edition of the Illustrated London News included several engravings under the collective title 'Domestic Life in China', the images having been taken from Rossier's stereographs.
Pierre Poilievre
Poilieve argued that the term was commonly used for "issues that stick to one."
Over the previous years, the term itself had been used by a number of prominent Canadian public figures to indicate a sticky situation.
But it doesn't mean to say you have to become slavishly connected like some kind of "tar baby" with them."
Delacourt wrote, “Same-sex marriage has generally been treated like a political "tar baby"' over the past few years, with most parties reluctant to whip up highly sensitive arguments touching on religion and deeply rooted social values. 
Pierre Pierce
He was subsequently suspended indefinitely from the Iowa Hawkeyes by athletic department officials, which was atypical, as the school usually waits for the legal process to play out before making a decision, but the school took swift action because of the severity of the charge.
Because there were many people upset over Pierce being allowed to remain on the team and keep his scholarship, two petitions totaling over 3,000 signatures were filed protesting the circumstances of the school's handling of the case. 
Amid resolutions urging students to boycott the men's basketball games, the petition had urged season ticket holders to ask the athletic department for a refund or to transfer their tickets to another athletic team, actions Pierce's attorney Alfredo Parrish labeled "absolutely ridiculous" because "[they] don't know the facts" before "[reaching] a conclusion."
In those games, he averaged 20.8 points a game on better than 50-percent shooting, and almost 5 rebounds per game.
Pierre Magnol
Magnol's most important contribution to science is without doubt the invention of the concept of plant families, a natural classification, based on combinations of morphological characters, as set out in his 'Prodromus historiae generalis plantarum, in quo familiae plantarum per tabulas disponuntur' (1689) (See under major works). 
In Magnol's day it was common belief that all species had come into existence by divine creation as set out in the Book of Genesis. 
Nevertheless his work may be regarded as one of the first steps towards the composition of a tree of life. 
In his 'Prodromus' he developed 75 tables, which not only grouped plants into families but also allowed for an easy and rapid identification by means of the morphological characters, the same he used to compose the groups.
Pierre Le Gros the Younger
Then, all the efforts of French officials to convince their king to pay for another Apostle statue in the Lateran and employ Le Gros to make it, led to nothing.
He would finally have to recognise that he was fighting a losing battle against Rusconi, who was by then clearly favoured by Pope Clement XI.
Here the last sad chapter of his life opened promptly when he sided with some dissidents who opposed the introduction of new rules at the Accademia di San Luca which subjected non-members to great financial unjustice, and he was unceremoniously expelled. 
The rich Roman art market was effectively closed for him and he had to settle for a few works outside, namely some statues for the Benedictine abbey at Monte Cassino (after the heavy bombing in World War II, only his 'Emperor Henry II' shows a reasonable degree of authenticity after restoration) and, without doubt due to the intervention of Juvarra who was by then architect to the Duke of Savoy, two female saints for the church of S. Cristina in Turin (now in the Cathedral). 
Pierre Duhem
As popular as the Duhem-Quine thesis may be in the philosophy of science, in reality Pierre Duhem and Willard Van Orman Quine stated very different theses. 
Also Duhem's conception of theoretical group has its limits, since not all concepts are connected to each other logically. 
He did not include at all 'a priori' disciplines such as logic and mathematics within these theoretical groups in physics which can be tested experimentally.
Quine, on the other hand, conceived this theoretical group as a unit of a whole human knowledge.
Pierre Cuypers
Highlights from these first period are the Lambert's Church in Veghel and the Catharina's Church in Eindhoven, among others. 
From 1870 onwards Cuypers' style became more influenced by the native Gothic styles of the Netherlands as well as Gothic styles from other countries like Norway and Italy.
He also experimented with centralizing ground-plans and other non-conventional layouts.
In this second part of his career he built some of his best work. 
Pierre Clostermann
In his 432 sorties, Clostermann was credited officially with 23 victories (19 solo, 14 shared, most of them against fighters) and five "probables", with eight more "damaged".
He also claimed 225 motor vehicles destroyed, 72 locomotives, five tanks and two E-Boats (fast torpedo boats).
Many references credit him with 29 to 33 victories, although these probably include his "ground" kills. 
Recent, more detailed analysis of his combat reports and squadron accounts indicate that his true score was 11 destroyed, with possibly another seven, for a total of 15-18 victories. 
Pierre Bruneau (journalist)
After doing studies in psychology, Bruneau started his media career on various radio stations including Victoriaville's CFDA, the defunct Trois-Rivieres's CJTR and Montreal's CKAC and CITE as a host and reporter.
For several years, Claude Charron, former Parti Québécois MNA and Cabinet Minister was paring with Bruneau on the late afternoon news.
He was also the host of other shows such as 'Qu'en pense le Quebec' and Y'a du soleil'.
In 2006, Bruneau celebrated his 30 years of work for TVA and received several awards. 
Pierre Boulez
After a rapid succession of explosive works, such as the three cantatas on poetry by René Char, the first two piano sonatas, and other chamber music, compositions have tended to be contemplated and expanded over a long period of time, during which they were performed in various stages of development.
'...explosante-fixe...', now resembling a flute concerto with electronics, was first published in 1971 as a sketch in the journal 'Tempo' as a memorial tribute to Stravinsky, then worked out in various versions, including one for mixed octet with electronics performed in 1973.
'Éclat/Multiples' has remained a large fragment, and 'Dérive II' (1988/2002/2006) and 'Répons' (1980/82/84) have been performed in various stages of development.
The desire to expand unrealized possibilities has also lead Boulez to create related works in series.
The material contained in 'Anthemes' for solo violin was later expanded into an extended composition for violin and electronics 'Anthemes 2' and Boulez is currently developing it further into a large-scale work for violin and orchestra.
'Incises,' a short work for solo piano, has since exploded into 'Sur Incises' for three percussive groups (pianos, harps, percussion) in two very extended movements.
Piero Alva
He got his break in 1998 when Oswaldo Piazza decided to promote several teenage players to the main line-up of the team, particularly after the team had secured the Apertura cup and thus a place in the final game.
This generation of players included Manuel Barreto, Mario Gomez, Jorge Araujo, Anthony Matellini, Luis Cordero, Oswaldo Carrion, Francisco Bazan, among others.
Alva continued getting chances, despite his controversial playing style; he showed much skill but often did not know when to let go of the ball.
He formed a powerful striking duo playing alongside Eduardo Esidio, aiding him to score the record amount of goals in Peruvian football history (and the 2nd highest amount of goals by any player worldwide that year) while scoring many of his own - 17 in the Peruvian tournament and one in the Merconorte championship - and leading Universitario to their historic third championship in a row, capturing both the Apertura and Clausura titles.
Piercing the Darkness
Also told is the story of another small town, similar to that of 'This Present Darkness' and called Bacon's Corner, and a resident named Tom Harris.
Seeming to have no connection with other events at first, a young police officer, Ben Cole, is convinced what is being brushed off as a suicide is actually a murder, and ends up losing his job over the issue... which brings him to the side of the embattled Christian school.
Caught in the crossfire is a little girl who's been forced into a curriculum of "meditation techniques" and "inner spiritual guides" that control her moods, attitudes, and actions, the little Amber Brandon, and her mother Lucy who realizes this lawsuit and the people who are "helping" her may be much, much more than she bargained for.
Before the paths that Sally Roe and Tom Harris [and the others] are on collide, the 'Ashton Clarion' editor and his wife, Marshall and Kate Hogan (from 'This Present Darkness'), make a return appearance as veteran fighters in this war against the powers of darkness that threaten freedom of religion everywhere.
Piedmont Triad
The triad is home to an extensive freeway network, which is in the process of undergoing a major expansion.
Four major Interstate highways and numerous secondary Interstate routes and US routes serve the region:; Interstate Highways 
I-40, the primary east-west route across the region.
Like I-73, much of the route has yet to be constructed, but several disjointed segments are currently open and signed as either I-74 or "FUTURE I-74". 
The older, southern segment consists of a former temporary alignment of I-85 that contains some non-freeway portions. 
Piedmont (United States)
Its geology is complex, with numerous rock formations of different materials and ages intermingled with one another.
Essentially, the Piedmont is the remnant of several ancient mountain chains that have since been eroded away. 
The last major event in the history of the Piedmont was the break-up of Pangaea, when North America and Africa began to separate.
The series of Mesozoic basins is almost entirely located within the Piedmont region.
Piedmont
The region contains major industrial centres, notably Turin, home to the FIAT automobile works.
Asti comune about 55 kilometres east of Turin in the plain of the Tanaro River and capital of Monferrato one of the most important wine district of the world. 
Alba is the house of Ferrero's chocolate factories and some mechanical industries. 
It is possible to get to Switzerland via a normal road, that crosses the Oriental Piedmont starting from Arona up to Locarno, on the borders with Italy.
Pied Raven
As exemplified by Skarvanesi's painting, which obviously was done from stuffed birds, the pied raven was an object of interest to collectors.
In the mid nineteenth century, every Faroe male of hunting age was ordered by royal decree to shoot at least one raven or two other predatory birds per year or be fined four skillings.
In the autumn of 1916, another bird was seen at Velbasta?ur and on Koltur.
As these last sightings raised widespread interest , it seems probable after 1948, no pied raven has been seen. 
Picton, Ontario
As such dairying and meat, fruit and vegetable processing and storage are relatively common. 
Also in the vicinity are manufacturers of pallets, caskets and other wood products.
There is a light industrial park in the town which has several modest manufacturing businesses making goods such as refrigeration products and filtered bottled water. 
There are numerous quarrying operations located nearby which support this and other similar plants. 
Picton, New South Wales
The George IV Inn, reputedly constructed in 1839, is considered to be one of the oldest hotel buildings in Australia. 
The cellar contains remnants of convict shackles as prisoners being transported from Sydney to Berrima prison would often be held in Picton overnight.
The barn behind the hotel may date back to 1810 and is possibly the oldest building in Picton - it is used for functions such as birthday and engagement parties. 
The hotel is also the location of Scharer's Little Brewery, one of the first microbreweries in Australia and winner of numerous awards for its Burragorang Bock and Scharer's Lager beers.
Picnic (play)
The play is very character driven, which shows Inge’s love of analyzing people and how they react to different situations.
# 'The Point of View of the Author:'
This aspect refers to where the author places the audience in the action.
Most of the characters behave as the audience would expect them to, with a few exceptions.
One thing leads to another, and the audience is able to follow along relatively easily.
# 'The Substance/Texture of the Characters:'
Most of Inge’s characters in “Picnic” are what Rush calls “three-dimensional” because they are “fully textured human beings, with ideas, feelings, personalities, passions, and foibles that are very similar to ours”.
They pursue certain things , avoid certain things , and have many different tactics in order to do both of these. 
This signifies a Realistic piece.
# 'Form – Presentational/Representational:'
Rush discusses form in that it is “the relationship between the people on the stage (actors/characters) and the people watching (audience)”.
A presentational play might have some of the characters speak directly to the audience, and help them on their way through the story.
Realistic plays are often representational.
# 'The Playwright’s Definition of the World:'
By using a certain style, the playwright is able to show the audience just how he or she feels about the world.
Inge uses Realism to show that society’s rules are not always the best, and that people will live happier, more fulfilling lives if they are able to break out of the restraints.
Pickled egg
Pickled eggs have also traditionally been found behind the bar in Public Houses, and eaten with a pint of beer.
Finding a pub that still serves them is becoming more difficult as people's tastes change.
Spicy pickled eggs, often prepared with jalapeno peppers is very popular in the Upper Peninsula in Michigan; namely in the area around Michigan Technological University in Houghton. 
Today they can be found at almost any bar in the area. 
Pickett's Charge
Garnett had a previous leg injury and rode his horse during the charge, despite knowing that conspicuously riding a horse into heavy enemy fire would mean almost certain death.
Armistead is known for leading his brigade with his cap on the tip of his sword.
Per his dying wishes, General Longstreet delivered Armistead's Bible and other personal effects to General Hancock's wife, Almira.
Trimble and Pettigrew were the most senior casualties of the day; Trimble lost a leg, and Pettigrew received a minor wound to the hand (only to die from a bullet to the abdomen suffered in a minor skirmish during the retreat to Virginia).
Pickaninny
Cognates of the term appear in other languages and cultures, presumably also derived from the Portuguese word, and it is not controversial or derogatory in these contexts. 
It is in widespread use in Melanesian pidgin and creole languages such as Tok Pisin of Papua New Guinea, as the word for "child" (or just young, as in the phrase 'pikinini pik', meaning 'piglet').
In Surinamese Sranan Tongo the term 'pikin' may refer to 'children' as well as to 'small' or 'little'.
Some of these words may be more directly related to the Portuguese 'pequeno' than to 'pequenino', the source of 'pickaninny'. 
Pick operating system
Originally on the Microdata implementation, and subsequently implemented on all Pick systems, a BASIC-like language called Data/BASIC with numerous syntax extensions for smart terminal interface and database operations was the primary programming language for applications.
Nor did it directly provide common relational capabilities such as joins.
This was because powerful data dictionary redefinitions for a field allowed joins via the execution of a calculated lookup in another file.
A simple text editor for file-system records was provided, but the editor was only suitable for system maintenance, and could not lock records, so most applications were written with the other tools such as Batch, RPL, or the BASIC language so as to ensure data validation and allow record locking.
Pick 6 (horse racing)
The most successful punters invariably use a multiple ticket strategy combined with one or more singles (legs in which they have only selected a single runner).
They have in effect constructed multiple scenarios many of which they know in advance will lose.
The point being that with each successive leg, as the exotic pick 6 pool sheds tickets, they have several tickets that are still "live" and have a chance of winning the bet or percentage thereof (in some countries e.g. South Africa, punters are allowed to play a percentage of the bet making it cheaper than in the US where a single line is a minimum of $2). 
Several punters construct these multiple combinations manually and others use pick six software to assist in the process of construction. 
Pick 6 (horse racing)
At North American tracks, races which are run on a turf (grass) course must sometimes be moved to the main dirt course, usually due to heavy rain or other adverse weather conditions; sometimes this switch is made after pick 6 wagering is closed.
Moving from turf to dirt greatly affects the wagering decisions of astute handicappers, as many horses perform differently according to the racing surface.
If only one race is moved, bettors who successfully pick the other five race winners will win or share the full six-winner pool, including carryovers.
If two races are moved, bettors who pick the other four winners will win or share in that day's six-winner pool, but 'no' carryover, and the previous carryover pool only goes to the next program.
Pichia pastoris
Compared to other expression systems such as S2-cells from 'Drosophila melanogaster' or Chinese Hamster Ovary cells, 'Pichia' usually gives much better yields.
Cell lines from multicellular organisms usually require complex rich media, including amino acids, vitamins and growth factors.
However, a number of proteins require chaperonins for proper folding. 
Thus, 'Pichia' is unable to produce a number of proteins for which the host lacks the appropriate chaperones. 
Piatigorsky Cup
At the halfway point he was tied with Larsen for first with 6/9.
Petrosian fell out of contention early, after a loss in the third round to Portisch and another loss in the seventh round after Larsen made a queen sacrifice.
Fischer lost three games in a row in the second week of play (rounds 6, 7, and 8) and was next to last with 3.5/9 at the halfway point.
Fischer and Larsen won the most games (seven each), but Fischer could not make up for his slow start.
Sharing the fourth and fifth prizes, Portisch and Unzicker were the only other players with a plus score.
World Champion Petrosian's sixth place finish was a disappointment, but he may have still been feeling the strain of his recent World Championship match with Spassky, who was eight years his junior. 
Piano Trio (Ives)
Fragments of American folk songs are intertwined throughout the movement, although often grotesquely altered with respect to rhythm, pitch, and harmonic connotation.
Folk songs appearing in the scherzo include "My Old Kentucky Home," "Sailor's Hornpipe," "The Campbells are Coming," "Long, Long Ago," "Hold the Fort," and "There Is a Fountain Filled with Blood," among many others. 
Drawing from his college days at Yale University, Ives also quotes a number of fraternity songs including the Delta Kappa Epsilon tune "A band of brothers in DKE," which appears prominently near the beginning of the movement.
It is notable that one of his sketches for the movement includes the subtitle "Medley on the Campus Fence," referring to the songs popular among Yale students during his college years.
Piano Sonata No. 29 (Beethoven)
The piece contains four movements, a structure often used by Beethoven, and imitated by contemporaries such as Schubert, in contrast to the more usual three (or two) movements of Mozart and Haydn sonatas.
In addition to the thematic connections within the movements and the use of traditional Romantic formal structures, Charles Rosen has described how much of the piece is organized around the motif of a descending third (major or minor).
This descending third is quite ubiquitous throughout the work, but most clearly recognizeable in the following sections: the opening fanfare of the Allegro; in the Scherzo's mocking imitation of the aforementioned fanfare, as well as in its trio theme; in bar two of the Adagio; and in the Fugue in both its introductory bass octave-patterns and in the main subject, as the seven-note runs which end up on notes descended by thirds.
It is perhaps the first major piano work (if not work of any instrumentation) to so thoroughly incorporate a baroque contrapuntal style (the fugue) within an originally Classical structure (the sonata form) (see fourth movement). 
Piano Sonata No. 16 (Mozart)
The third movement is in Rondo form and is in the tonic key, C major.
The second theme is in G major and contains an Alberti bass in the left hand.
The third theme is in a minor key and modulates through many different keys before modulating into C major.
The first theme appears again followed by a coda and finally ends in C major.
Piano Red
His involvement had him appearing on a flatbed truck in many parades , which led to his song "Peachtree Parade". 
From the mid 1950s until the late 1960s, he recorded for several companies , including Columbia, for which he made several records , Checker, for whom he recorded 8 sides with Willie Dixon on bass, and Groove Records,a subsidiary of RCA Victor, producing the first hit for that label. 
On Okeh Records, in 1961, he began using the name Dr. Feelgood and the Interns, releasing several hits , including the much-covered "Doctor Feel-Good". 
In 1966, the popular folk-rock group The Lovin' Spoonful, recorded his song "Bald Headed Lena" on their second album, 'Daydream'.
Piano Concerto No. 4 (Rachmaninoff)
The concerto is probably the least known of all Rachmaninoff's piano concertos, but it is frequently performed in Russia. 
There may be several reasons for this. 
The structure was criticized for being amorphous and difficult to grasp on a single hearing. 
Like most of Rachmaninoff's late works, the concerto has a daring chromaticism and a distinctive jazzy quality.
Piano Concerto No. 4 (Rachmaninoff)
He may have begun this work as early as 1914, according to the April 12 issue of 'Muzyka'. 
All he reportedly had were three sketch books and various separate sheets of manuscript paper.
He may have also tinkered with sketches in his early years in the United States. 
Although composition at that time was for the most part out of the question, sketches for the finale of the concerto are on the back of the manuscript sheets of his cadenza for Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2.
Piano Concerto No. 26 (Mozart)
In addition to omitting the tempi for two of the movements, Mozart also, in Tyson's words, "did not write any notes for the piano's left hand in a great many measures throughout the work."
There is in fact no other Mozart piano concerto of which so much of the solo part was left unfinished by the composer.
The 1794 first edition had these gaps filled in, and most Mozart scholars such as Alfred Einstein and Alan Tyson have assumed that the additions were made by the publisher Johann André.
Einstein is on record as finding André's completion somewhat wanting: "For the most part, this version is extremely simple and not too offensive, but at times—for example, in the accompaniment of the Larghetto theme—it is very clumsy, and the whole solo part would gain infinitely by revision and refinement in Mozart's own style."
Piano Concerto No. 25 (Mozart)
The expansive first movement is one of Mozart's most symphonic concerto movements. 
This movement subtly slips in and out of the minor several times.
One of the secondary themes of the concerto's first movement is a march that often reminds people of the then unwritten Marseillaise.
Beethoven references this concerto in his own Fourth Piano Concerto.
Also both Mozart's 25th and Beethoven's 5th concerti have a strong march-like theme in the first movement that is first played in minor and then soon appears gloriously in major.
Piano Concerto No. 2 (Prokofiev)
The volume alternately ranges about 'mezzopiano' and 'pianissimo', until after several almost revealing seconds of 'forte' the pianist has the music retire into a 'pianissimo' mystery in which it would, it appears, remain immersed indefinitely. 
Over the next eight bars, the piano's motions circle ever higher with hardly a crescendo, then drop for a moment, summoning force. 
The music hardly grows any louder, only to a 'piano', but it is emotionally so intense that it cannot possibly remain there. 
Bassoons and flutes enter one after another as the piano goes into a more acute mezzoforte run, dense with repeated notes, octaves and fourths.
For several bars the volume draws back, then erupts into a powerfully sad 'fortissimo' with heavy, dissonant chords in the piano part. 
Piano Concerto No. 2 (Mendelssohn)
The second subject is introduced by the piano, making its way to the expected key of F major.
It is the soloist who leads to the B flat major slow movement, where the first theme is entrusted to the orchestra, to be capped by the soloist with material of a more rhapsodic kind. 
The piano employs many difficult pianist devices most notably rapid arpeggios. 
This movement is approximately 10 minutes.
# II.
Piano Concerto No. 1 (Rachmaninoff)
The main theme (like the other themes in this work common to both versions) is short by Rachmaninoff's standards but already shows the sequential devices and arch-like design inherent in his later works.
Norris, 'Rachmaninoff', 107.
'Andante cantabile' (D major)
:This reflective nocturne is only 74 bars long.
'Allegro scherzando' (F-sharp minor › F-sharp major) [1917 version: 'allegro vivace']
:Rachmaninoff replaced an initially drab opening with a 'fortissimo' passage alternating between time signatures of 9/8 and 12/8.
It also came too late in the movement to have the right expansive effort prevalent in the other concertos.
Piano
One of the major technical innovations that helped to create the sound of the modern piano was the use of a strong iron frame.
The increased structural integrity of the iron frame allowed the use of thicker, tenser, and more numerous strings.
The single piece cast iron frame was patented in 1825 in Boston by Alpheus Babcock, combining the metal hitch pin plate (1821, claimed by Broadwood on behalf of Samuel Hervé) and resisting bars (Thom and Allen, 1820, but also claimed by Broadwood and Érard).
Composite forged metal frames were preferred by many European makers until the American system was fully adopted by the early 20th century. 
Piaggio P.119
Among the many Italian aircraft manufacturers , during World War II, the majority (such as Savoia-Marchetti and Caproni) designed and built mixed-construction aircraft, or, in the case of CANT, completely made of wood. 
While Fiat and Macchi built more advanced aircraft, they still tended to have conventional, often obsolete structures, even if of all-metal construction.
The Piaggio P.119 was one of the best examples of these projects. 
The '5' series fighters are well known , especially the Fiat G.55 and the Macchi C.205, but there were two other fighters on the same level, the Caproni-Vizzola F.6 and the Piaggio P.119, both of which did not enter production. 
Pi
Formulas of this type, now known as Machin-like formulas, were used to set several successive records and remained the best known method for calculating ? well into the age of computers. 
The best value at the end of the 19th century was due to William Shanks, who took 15 years to calculate ? with 707 digits, although due to a mistake only the first 527 were correct.
(To avoid such errors, modern record calculations of any kind are often performed twice, with two different formulas.
If the results are the same, they are likely to be correct.)
Phytosaur
Despite their great similarities in appearance and lifestyle, there are still a number of minor differences that distinguish phytosaurs from true crocodiles. 
It is possible however that phytosaurs had a fleshy palate, as many Mesozoic crocodiles are presumed to have had. 
Finally, and most noticeably, phytosaurs had nostrils placed near or above the level of the eyes, in contrast to crocodiles where the nostrils are near the end of the snout.
This adaptation may have developed to allow them to breathe while the rest of the body was submerged. 
Phytoestrogens
There are conflicting studies , and it is unclear if phytoestrogens have any effect on the cause or prevention of cancer in females. 
Epidemiological studies showed a protective effect against breast cancer.
'In vitro' studies concluded that females with current or past breast cancer should be aware of the risks of potential tumor growth when taking soy products, as they can stimulate the growth of estrogen receptor-positive cells in vitro.
A 2006 review article stated the opinion that not enough information is available, and that even if isoflavones have mechanisms to inhibit tumor growth, 'in vitro' results justify the need to evaluate, at cellular level, the impact of isoflavones on breast tissue in females at high risk for breast cancer.
The generally accepted position on this topic is that phytoestrogens may be beneficial for healthy females and that females with known breast cancer should be aware of potential risks and consider avoiding consumption until more information is available. 
Physiology of dinosaurs
Early sauropodomorphs, including the group traditionally called "prosauropods", may also have had air sacs. 
Although possible pneumatic indentations have been found in 'Plateosaurus' and 'Thecodontosaurus', the indentations are very small.
One study in 2007 concluded that prosauropods likely had abdominal and cervical air sacs, based on the evidence for them in sister taxa (theropods and sauropods). 
The study concluded that it was impossible to determine whether prosauropods had a bird-like flow-through lung, but that the air sacs were almost certainly present. 
Physiographic regions of the world
Distinctions based on geologic age also correspond to physiographic distinctions where the forms are so recent as to be in their first erosion cycle, as is generally the case with sheets of glacial drift.
Generally , forms which result from similar histories are characterized by certain similar features , and differences in history result in corresponding differences of form, usually resulting in distinctive features which are obvious to the casual observer, but this is not always the case. 
A maturely dissected plateau may grade without a break from rugged mountains on the one hand to mildly rolling farm lands on the other.
So also, forms which are not classified together may be superficially similar; for example, a young coastal plain and a peneplain.
Physics and Star Wars
'Star Wars' has various action sounds in space that the characters react to and are apparently aware of.
But sound, as a pressure wave, must propagate through some form of matter.
First, it is possible that the various ships’ deflector shields, when hit with radiation from explosions or blasters, cause the ships themselves to vibrate, producing sound. 
Second, the audio may be synthetically generated by ships’ sensor systems. 
Physicist
The three major employers of career physicists are academic institutions, government laboratories, and private industry, with the largest employer being the last.
Also relevant is: Many people who are trained as physicists, however, use their skills in other parts of the economy, in particular in engineering, computing, and finance. 
Some physicists take up careers where their knowledge of physics can be combined with further training in other disciplines, such as patent law in industry or private practice. 
In the United States, a majority of those in the private sector with a physics degree work outside physics, astronomy and engineering altogether. 
Physicians and Surgeons who Dissent from Darwinism
The value of the opinions of physicians, surgeons, veterinarians, optometrists and other signatories of this petition is not clear.
Referring to the number of people on the 'Scientific Dissent from Darwinism' list and their claimed relevance, University of Minnesota biology professor PZ Myers writes, "Not only is the number that they cite pathetically small, but they rely on getting scientists whose expertise isn't relevant."
Addressing a specific example, Myers says of neurosurgeon Michael Egnor, who signed both lists, that "The Discovery Institute may like to trumpet his expertise in neurosurgery as an indicator of the significance of his dissent from evolutionary biology, but I think I'd rather trumpet his ignorance of evolutionary biology as an indicator of the uselessness of the Discovery Institute's list.
He's like Michael Behe, in that we can plop mountains of information in front of him, and he'll just blithely claim it doesn't exist.
Physician
Depending on jurisdiction and university, entry may follow directly from secondary school or require pre-requisite undergraduate education.
The former commonly take five or six years to complete.
Programs that require previous undergraduate education (typically a three or four year degree, often in Science) are usually four or five years in length.
Hence, gaining a basic medical degree may typically take from five to eight years, depending on jurisdiction and university.
Physical theatre
Modern physical theatre has grown from a variety of origins. 
Mime and theatrical clowning schools such as 'L'École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq' in Paris have had a big influence on many modern expressions of physical theatre , and practitioners such as Steven Berkoff and John Wright received their initial training at such institutions. 
Contemporary Dance has also had a strong influence on what we regard as physical theatre, partly because most physical theatre requires actors to have a level of physical control and flexibility rarely found in those who do not have some sort of movement background. 
Modern physical theatre also has strong roots in more ancient traditions such as 'Commedia dell'arte' and some suggest links to the ancient Greek theatre, particularly the theatre of Aristophanes. 
Physical symbol system
This is a weaker claim. 
Indeed, Touretzky and Pomerleau write that if symbols and signals are the same thing, then "[s]ufficiency is a given, unless one is a dualist or some other sort of mystic , because physical symbol systems are Turing-universal." 
The widely accepted Church-Turing thesis holds that any Turing-universal system can simulate any conceivable process that can be digitized, given enough time and memory. 
The necessary condition of the physical symbol systems hypothesis can likewise be finessed, since we are willing to accept almost any signal as a form of "symbol" and all intelligent biological systems have signal pathways.
Physical symbol system
#The " erroneous claim that the [physical symbol system hypothesis] lacks symbol grounding" which is presumed to be a requirement for general intelligent action. 
#The common belief that AI requires non-symbolic processing (that which can be supplied by a connectionist architecture for instance). 
#The common statement that the brain is simply not a computer and that "computation as it is currently understood, does not provide an appropriate model for intelligence". 
#And last of all that it is also believed in by some that the brain is essentially mindless, most of what takes place are chemical reactions and that human intelligent behaviour is analogous to the intelligent behaviour displayed for example by ant colonies. 
Physical security
Intertwined in these four layers are people.
Users obviously have a role also by questioning and reporting suspicious people.
Aiding in identifying people as known versus unknown are identification systems.
Visitors are often required to wear a visitor badge.
Physical cosmology
For a number of years the support for these theories was evenly divided.
Since the discovery of the cosmic microwave background in 1965 it has been regarded as the best theory of the origin and evolution of the cosmos. 
Before the late 1960s, many cosmologists thought the infinitely dense singularity at the starting time of Friedmann's cosmological model was a mathematical over-idealization, and that the universe was contracting before entering the hot dense state and starting to expand again. 
This led the majority of cosmologists to accept the Big Bang, in which the universe we observe began a finite time ago. 
Physical characteristics of sharks
Like other fish, sharks extract oxygen from seawater as it passes over their gills.
Due to their size and the nature of their metabolism, sharks have a higher demand for oxygen than most fish and they can not rely on ambient water currents to provide an adequate supply of oxygenated water.
The process of ensuring an adequate flow of the gills by forward movement is known as ram ventilation.
The outflow is strong enough to still allow for respiration; it is believed that the reason for this behaviour is that the fresh water helps remove parasites.
Physarum polycephalum
As the cells crawled across an agar plate, the researchers subjected them to cold, dry conditions for the first 10 minutes of every hour.
Indeed, many of the cells throttled back right on the hour in anticipation of another bout of cold weather.
When conditions stayed stable for a while, the slime-mold amoebas gave up on their hourly braking, but when another single jolt of cold was applied, they resumed the behavior and correctly recalled the 60-minute interval.
The amoebas were also able to respond to other intervals, ranging from 30 to 90 minutes.
Phyllophaga (genus)
Common names for this genus and many other related genera in the subfamily Melolonthinae are May beetles, June bugs, and June beetles. 
They range in size from 8–25 mm and are blackish or reddish-brown in colour, without prominent markings, and often rather hairy ventrally.
They may cause significant damage when emerging in large numbers.
The larvae (called white grubs) feed on the roots of grasses and other plants.
Phyllomedusa sauvagii
'Phyllomedusa sauvagii', commonly known as the 'Waxy Monkey Leaf Frog', is a hylid frog belonging to the subfamily of South and Central American leaf frogs, Phyllomedusinae that inhabits the Chaco (dry prairie) of Argentina, Brazil, Bolivia and Paraguay.
The subfamily consists of around 50 species in three well known genera, 'Phyllomedusa', 'Agalychnis' and 'Pachymedusa'.
The vast majority of known species, including 'Phyllomedusa sauvagei', belong to the 'Phyllomedusa' genus.
In common with other phyllomedusines, it presents physiological and behavioural adaptations to limit water loss including impermeabilisation of the skin by lipid secretions, excretion of uric acid (uricotelism) and diurnal torpor.
Phuthi language
The most famous Phuthi leader in the historical record was the powerful Chief Moorosi (born in 1795), who died in unclear circumstances on Mount Moorosi (Sotho 'Thaba Moorosi') in 1879, after a protracted nine-month siege by the British, 'Boers' (i.e. Afrikaner) and Basotho forces (including the military participation of the Cape Mounted Riflemen). 
This siege is often referred to as "Moorosi's Rebellion". 
The issue that triggered the siege was alleged livestock theft in the Herschel area. 
In the aftermath of the siege, Phuthi people dispersed widely over what is contemporary southern Lesotho and the northern Transkei region, in order to escape capture by the colonial powers.
Phunk Junkeez
The Phunk Junkeez were one of many bands to jump on the band wagon in the early 90's that fused a number of different styles in their music, from hardcore punk to trip-hop. 
Phunk Junkeez concerts often attracted the attention of local police who threatened to throw the band in jail.
The band grew large enough to start playing legitimate venues, such as The Electric Ballroom, Club Rio, Mesa Amphitheater, and Compton Terrace, sometimes selling out multiple nights at some of these venues. 
However while Roachclip IS the original DJ, his position was added after the band had been together for several years, The Band had already gained its notorioty before Roachclip joined, as proclaimed by soulman in a 1992 interview with Phoenix New Times.
Phunk Junkeez
Later, after Shumaker moved on to other business interests, as an opening act for such artists as MC Hammer and Run-D.M.C.
The two rappers, Reznik and Valente, joined forces with another band in 1991, and later that year recycled DJ Roach Clip from thier rap days.
The Phunk Junkeez were a massively popular act in the Valley throughout the early '90s, playing huge, illegal warehouse keggers and routinely drawing more than 1,000 fans into clubs. 
Seeing the writing on the wall Mike Kramer left the band early as the bands guitarist leaving this spot to turn over many many times throughout the years. 
Phrozen Crew
It uses a special format for storing them, and people update the database using that type of file.
Updates for serial database software can be found on many Internet sites. 
The most common usage of Oscar is for warez software.
Phrozen Crew was one of the first warez groups use the Oscar format to release thousands of license keys at once.
Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province
Typical nightlife available in Ayutthaya:
The city has a couple of discos which are popular with the younger trendier crowd.
Some live Music Joints play Thai folk
Karaoke clubs can be found in some of the many hotels and customers can either sing to everyone or rent a private room 
Barbecues are large Thai-style restaurants which play music and serve alcohol.
Sing-a-Songs are popular with Thai males.
Down by the river there are few bars which are popular with tourists who fancy a beer.
Photovoltaic array
However, tracking devices add cost, and requiremaintenance, so it is more common for PV arrays to have fixed mountsthat tilt the array and face due South in the Northern Hemisphere (inthe Southern Hemisphere, they should point due North).
PV arrays that approach or exceed one megawatt often usesolar trackers.
Accounting for clouds, and the fact that most of the world is not onthe equator, and that the sun sets in the evening, the correct measureof solar power is insolation - the average number ofkilowatt-hours per square meter per day.
Typical solar panels have an average efficiency of 12%, withthe best commercially available panels at 20%.
Such a panel may be expected to produce 1kWh every day, on average, after taking into account the weather andthe latitude.
In the Sahara desert, with less cloud cover and a better solarangle, one can obtain closer to 8.3 kWh/m2/day.
Photostat machine
One by one, other methods appeared: among them were manifold writers (used by Mark Twain), copying baths, copying books and roller copiers. 
Among the most significant of them was the Blue process in the early 1870s, which was mainly used to make blueprints of architectural and engineering drawings. 
Stencil duplicators ( more commonly known as "Mimeograph machines") surfaced in 1874, and the Cyclostyle in 1891. 
All were manual; most involved messy fluids and were accident-prone. 
Photomontage
Fantasy photomontaged postcards were popular in the Victorian and Edwardian periods.
The preeminent producer in this period was the Bamforh Company, in Holmfirth, West Yorksihire, and New York.
But the high point came during World War I, when photographers in France, Great Britain, Germany, Austria, and Hungary produced a profusion of postcards showing soldiers on one plane and lovers, wives, chldren, families, or parents on another.
Many of the early examples of fine-art photomontage consist of photographed elements superimposed on watercolours, a combination returned to by (e.g.)
The other major exponents were John Heartfield, Hannah Höch, Kurt Schwitters, Raoul Hausmann and Johannes Baader.
A later term coined in Europe was "photocollage"; which usually referred to large and ambitious works that added typography and brushwork or even actual objects stuck to the photomontage.
Photolithography
Research and prototyping processes often use contact lithography, because it uses inexpensive hardware and can achieve high optical resolution.
The resolution is approximately the square root of the product of the wavelength and the gap distance.
Hence, contact printing offers the best resolution, because its gap distance is approximately zero (neglecting the thickness of the photoresist itself).
In addition, nanoimprint lithography may revive interest in this familiar technique, especially since the cost of ownership is expected to be low.
Photojournalism
There is some concern by news photographers that the profession of photojournalism as it is known today could change to such a degree that it is unrecognizable as image-capturing technology naturally progresses. 
Citizen journalism and the increase in user contribution and submission of amateur photos to news sites is becoming more widespread.
However, the widespread use of cameras as a way of reporting news did not come until the advent of smaller, more portable cameras that used the enlargeable film negative to record images.
The introduction of the 35 mm Leica camera in the 1930’s made it possible for photographers to move with the action, taking shots of events as they were unfolding.
Photography and the law
The protection of photographs in this manner has been criticised on two grounds.
Firstly, it is argued that photographs should not be protected as artistic works, but should instead be protected in a manner similar to that of sound recordings and films.
In other words, copyright should not protect the subject matter of a photograph as a matter of course as a consequence of a photograph being taken.
It is argued that protection of photographs as artistic works is anomalous, in that photography is ultimately a medium of reproduction, rather than creation. 
For example, Michael Reichmann describes photography as an art of disclosure, as opposed to an art of inclusion.
Secondly, it is argued that the protection of photographs as artistic works leads to bizarre results. 
For example, it is possible that Vogue Magazine would be infringing copyright if they, inspired by a picture taken by a drunk boyfriend of his girlfriend posing provocatively on a motorcycle, attempted to recreate the photograph. 
Similarly, it is possible that a famous wildlife photographer, inspired by a cheap snapshot of cheetah at the zoo, on Flikr, would be infringing copyright if he went exploring the Okovango Delta in search of a cheetah in a similar pose. 
That said, it is possible that the threshold of originality is very low. 
For example, in Walter v Lane, reporters who transcribed a speech were held to be authors of the transcription, and owners of a copyright which subsisted in it. 
Essentially, by this, Arnold is arguing that whilst the subject matter of some photographs may deserve protection, it is inappropriate for the law the presume that the subject matter of all photographs is deserving of protection.
Photography and the law
It is also an offence under section 58 of the Terrorism Act 2000 to take a photograph of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism, or possessing such a photograph.
This offence (and possibly, but not necessarily the s.58A offence) covers only a photograph as described in s.2(3)(b) of the Terrorism Act 2006.
As such, it must be of a kind likely to provide practical assistance to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism.
The defence may prove a reasonable excuse simply by showing that the photograph is possessed for a purpose other than to assist in the commission or preparation of an act of terrorism, even if the purpose of possession is otherwise unlawful.
Photography and the law
In certain locations, such as California state parks, commercial photography is subject to insurance requirements and usually also requires a permit.
In places such as the city of Hermosa Beach in California, commercial photography on both public property and private property is subject to permit regulations and possibly also insurance requirements. 
In addition, if the photography has aspects that may be disruptive to others, such as additional equipment or a significant number of personnel or the use of public areas for more than four hours, it is necessary to obtain a permit. 
According to the ASMP, a property release may be a requirement in such a situation.
Photographic developer
Because Metol is relatively toxic and can cause skin sensitisation, modern commercial developers often use phenidone or Dimezone S instead.
Hydroquinone can also be toxic to the human operator as well as environment; some modern developers replace it with ascorbic acid, or vitamin C.
This, however, suffers from poor stability.
Ascorbate developers may have the advantage of being compensating and sharpness-enhancing, as oxidation by-products formed during development are acidic, meaning they retard development in and adjacent to areas of high activity.
Recently, claims for practical methods to improve the stability of ascorbate developers have been made by several experimenters. 
Photogrammetry
Photogrammetric data with dense range data from scanners complement each other.
Photogrammetry is more accurate in the x and y direction while range data is generally more accurate in the z direction.
This range data can be supplied by techniques like LiDAR, Laser Scanners (using time of flight, triangulation or interferometry), White-light digitizers and any other technique that scans an area and returns x,y,z coordinates for multiple discreet points (commonly called "point clouds").
Photos can clearly define the edges of buildings when the point cloud footprint can not.
Photoengraving
The engraving is usually made in copper or brass.
The process can be done in open trays but is much more effective if the etchant (often ferric chloride) is sprayed onto the metal.
When ferric chloride is used as the etchant, no metal parts other than titanium can be used in the etching equipment.
Decorative engraving is often filled by spray-painting then sanding to remove the paint from the raised parts of the engraving.
Another method produces a deep engraving with sloped shoulders.
In this method the metal (usually zinc or magnesium) is held face-down and a mixture of nitric acid and a soap-like oil is splashed onto it.
Decorative engravings made by this method may go through a second process to produce a decorative background.
The resist for the background may be another photoengraving or may be randomly splashed-on.
Decorative engravings of this type may also be spray-painted and sanded as in the previous method.
Photoelectrolysis
In other words, photoelectrolysis is the conversion of light into a current, and then the division of a molecule using that current.
Photoelectrolysis' main attractiveness to many engineers and technologists is its potential to divide water into hydrogen and oxygen. 
Photoelectrolysis is often seen as having the potential to fulfill that need. 
(In contrast, steam reforming usually or always uses a fossil fuel to obtain hydrogen.)
Photoelectrolysis is sometimes known colloquially as the 'hydrogen holy grail' for its potential to yield a viable alternative to petroleum as a source of energy; such an energy source would supposedly come without the sociopolitically-undesirable effects of extracting and using petroleum.
Photoelectric effect
The most common method employed by physicists to calculate the probability of an atom ejecting an electron relies on "Fermi's golden rule".
Although based upon quantum mechanics, the method treats a light quantum as an electromagnetic wave that causes an atom and its constituent electrons to transition from one energy state ("eigenstate") to another.
It is also important to note that the particle nature of light cannot explain the dependence on polarization with regard to the direction electrons are emitted, a phenomenon that has been considered useful in gathering polarization data from black holes and neutron stars.
Nonetheless, the notion that the photoelectric effect demonstrates the particle nature of light persists in many introductory textbooks.
Photobiotin
Photobiotin is used in many biology laboratories for patterning proteins, ligands, and other species onto solid substrates. 
UV lasers stimulate photobiotin to attach various surfaces , where scientists can visualize the distribution of the species that they are looking for. 
For example, at Texas A&M University in 2003, researchers used photobiotin to develop a new way to bind inorganic and organic species onto solid substrates.
Using this technique, they were able to bind several species to the surface simultaneously using different frequencies of UV laser light. 
Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida
Pastereullosis is also known as pseudotubercullosis because it is characterized by the presence, in the chronic form of the disease, of creamy-white granulomatous nodules or whitish tubercules in several internal organs, composed of masses of bacterial cells, epithelial cells, and fibroblasts.
The nodules are most prominent in internal viscera, particularly kidney and spleen, and the infection is accompanied by widespread internal necrosis (Evelyn, 1996; Romalde, 2002; Barnes 'et al.', 2005).
Anorexia with darkening of the skin as well as focused necrosis of the gills are the only external clinical signs often observed.
These lesions are generally missing in the acute form.
Photoacoustic tomography
Technically, each temporal PA signal, measured at various detection positions, provides one-dimensional radial information about the PA source relative to the detector position; 2D surface scans offer other 2D lateral information about the PA source.
Small-aperture detectors are often used to approximate point detectors, which receive PA signals originating from spherical shells, centered at each point detector, with radii determined by the acoustic times of flight.
The three geometries commonly used are planar, cylindrical, and spherical surfaces.
Besides, algorithms based on other detection methods, such as large-aperture (plane), line, or circle detectors have also been derived.
Photo-Secession
The group was formed in 1902 after Stieglitz was asked by the National Arts Club to put together an exhibition of the best in contemporary American photography.
While organizing the show Stieglitz had a disagreement with some of the more conservative members of the Club about which photographers should be included. 
To strengthen his position, Stieglitz rapidly formed an invitation-only group, which he called the Photo-Secession, to give the impression that his views were backed by many other prominent photographers. 
Although he later claimed that he had “enlisted the aid of the then newly organized and limited ‘Photo-Secession’, in fact there was no such group until he formed it on February 17, 1902, just two weeks before the show at the National Arts Club was scheduled to start.
Photios I of Constantinople
To Photios we are indebted for almost all we possess of Ctesias, Memnon of Heraclea, Conon, the lost books of Diodorus Siculus, and the lost writings of Arrian.
Theology and ecclesiastical history are also very fully represented, but poetry and ancient philosophy are almost entirely ignored.
The literary criticisms, generally distinguished by keen and independent judgment, and the excerpts vary considerably in length. 
The numerous biographical notes are probably taken from the work of Hesychius of Miletus. 
Photios I of Constantinople
Photios continued his career as a writer in the reign of Leo who probably rehabilitated his reputation within the next few years; in his 'Epitaphios' on his brothers, a text probably written in 888, the emperor presents Photios favorably, portraying him as the legitimate archbishop, and the instrument of ultimate unity, an image that jars with his attitude to the patriarch in 886-887. 
Confirmation that Photios was rehabilitated comes upon his death: according to some chronicles his body was permitted to be buried in Constantinople. 
In addition, according to the anti-Photian biographer of Ignatius, partisans of the ex-patriarch after his death endeavored to claim for him the "honor of sainthood".
Further, a leading member of Leo's court, Leo Choirospaktes, wrote poems commemorating the memory of several prominent contemporary figures, such as Leo the Mathematician and the Patriarch Stephen, and he also wrote one on Photios.
Phosphorus
Phosphorus, being an essential plant nutrient, finds its major use as a constituent of fertilizers for agriculture and farm production in the form of concentrated phosphoric acids, which can consist of 70% to 75% P2O5.
Phosphorus is widely used to make organophosphorus compounds, through the intermediates phosphorus chlorides and two phosphorus sulfides: phosphorus pentasulfide, and phosphorus sesquisulfide.
Organophosphorus compounds have many applications, including in plasticizers, flame retardants, pesticides, extraction agents, and water treatment.
Phosphorus is also an important component in steel production, in the making of phosphor bronze, and in many other related products. 
Sodium tripolyphosphate made from phosphoric acid is used in laundry detergents in some countries , but banned for this use in others. 
Phosphoric acid made from elemental phosphorus is used in food applications such as some soda beverages. 
These include mono-calcium phosphate which is employed in baking powder and sodium tripolyphosphate and other sodium phosphates.
Among other uses these are used to improve the characteristics of processed meat and cheese.
Phosphoproteomics
Phosphoproteomic analyses are ideal for the study of the dynamics of signalling networks.
The cells are collected at various timepoints, and the lysates are combined for analysis by tandem MS.
This allows experimenters to track the phosphorylation state of many phosphoproteins in the cell over time.
The ability to measure the global phosphorylation state of many proteins at various time points makes this approach much more powerful than traditional biochemical methods for analyzing signalling network behavior.
Phosphoproteomics: new insights into cellular signalling.
Phosphonate
'Phosphonates' or 'phosphonic acids' are organic compounds containing C-PO(OH)2 or C-PO(OR)2 groups (where R=alkyl, aryl).
Since the work of Schwarzenbach in 1949, phosphonic acids are known as effective chelating agents.
These common phosphonates are the structure analogues to the well-known aminopolycarboxylates NTA, EDTA, and DTPA. 
The stability of the metal complexes increases with increasing number of phosphonic acid groups.
Phosphatidylcholine
Phosphatidylcholines are such a major component of lecithin, that, in some contexts , the terms are sometime used as synonyms. 
However, lecithin extract consists of a mixture of phosphatidylcholine and other compounds.
It is also used along with sodium taurocholate for simulating fed- and fasted-state biorelevant media in dissolution studies of highly-lipophilic drugs.
Phosphatidylcholine is a major constituent of cell membranes, and also plays a role in membrane-mediated cell signalling.
Phosphatidic acid
Although some lipid-binding proteins are able to insert themselves into membranes and could hypothetically recognise the type of acyl chain or the resulting properties of the membrane, many lipid-binding proteins are cytosolic and localise to the membrane by binding only the headgroups of lipids. 
If this is the case, it suggests that a PA-binding domain must not only be able to bind PA specifically but must also be able to identify those head-groups that are at the correct angle. 
Whatever the mechanism is, such specificity is possible.
Thus it seems that, though PA and DAG are interconvertible, the different species of lipid can have different biological activities; and this may enable the two lipids to maintain separate signaling pathways. 
Phosphate
However, phosphates are most commonly found in the form of adenosine phosphates, (AMP, ADP and ATP) and in DNA and RNA and can be released by the hydrolysis of ATP or ADP.
Similar reactions exist for the other nucleoside diphosphates and triphosphates.
Phosphoanhydride bonds in ADP and ATP, or other nucleoside diphosphates and triphosphates, contain high amounts of energy which give them their vital role in all living organisms.
They are generally referred to as high energy phosphate, as are the phosphagens in muscle tissue. 
Phonological history of English fricatives and affricates
H-dropping and h-addingH-droppingH-dropping is a linguistic term used to describe the omission of initial in words like 'house', 'heat', and 'hangover' in many dialects of English, such as Cockney and Estuary English.
The same phenomenon occurs in many other languages, such as Serbian, and Late Latin, the ancestor of the modern Romance languages.
Interestingly, both French and Spanish acquired new initial [h] in mediaval times, but these were later lost in both languages in a "second round" of h-dropping (however it should be noted that some dialects of Spanish re-acquired /h/ from Spanish /x/). 
It is also known from several Scandinavian dialects , for instance Älvdalsmal and the dialect of Roslagen where it is found already in Runic Swedish. 
Phonological history of English
AD 900–1400.
Vowels were lengthened before , , , , probably also , , , when not followed by a third consonant or two consonants and two syllables. 
This probably occurred around AD 1000. 
Later on, many of these vowels were shortened again; but evidence from the Ormulum shows that this lengthening was once quite general. 
Middle English open syllable lengthening: Vowels were usually lengthened in open syllables (13th century), except when trisyllabic laxing would apply.
Voiced fricatives became independent phonemes through borrowing and other sound changes.
before back vowel becomes ; becomes.
Phonograph
The term 'phonograph' is usually restricted to devices playing cylinder records.
The term 'gramophone' would generally be taken to refer to a wind-up machine, and from the 1960s onwards the more common term would be 'record player' or 'turntable' as part of a system that also played cassettes and included radio. 
Such a system would be called a 'hi-fi' or 'stereo' (most systems being stereophonic by the mid-1960s).' 
Like other, similar devices the marketers of which wanted to express the notion of "sound" in the devices' names, they also used the same part of the Greek word (e.g., telephone, microphone etc.).
Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park
One of the adventure tour sites is boating upward on the Chay River into primitive forests, as the river becomes sinuous with several waterfalls and whirlpools until tourists arrive at Tro Mong.
There is a bull field called Ran Bo (Bull Field) due to the fact that wild bulls usually comes and reproduce in mating season.
There are also some interesting tourist attractions in this park like Nu?c Ngang (lit.: Horizontal Spring), a spring runs horizontally instead of vertically as usual; ?á N?m (Crouching Stone), a stone blockading a stream current; Chân Th?t (Chopping Board), a chopping-board-shaped stone. 
But above all, the most spectacular scene is this area is Nu?c Tr?i (Surfacing Stream), a stream surfacing from the ground. 
Phonemic orthography
Phonemic orthography in a language is affected by the borrowing of loanwords from another written in the same alphabet but having different sound-to-spelling conventions.
Phonemicity may be preserved by nativizing the loanword's pronunciation as with the Russian word ????? (from French 'chauffeur') which is pronounced in accordance with the normal rules of Russian vowel reduction.
Spelling pronunciation is another common phenomenon.
Nativizing the spelling of loanwords is also common; for example, 'uísque' is the Portuguese spelling of 'whisky', itself a respelling of Scots Gaelic 'uisge'.
Phone sex
By 2007, only a few chat line companies remained active. 
The company generated revenue by selling advertisements on its chat lines, which callers would have to listen to, before being connected to other callers.
The other competing Free Chat line service provider is the Free and Fun Chat Line which additionally offers numbers across the United States.
In addition to the standard Free Chat lines there are also many popular services that tailor to the Gay Community, the oldest such service is The Gay Connection which started in 1985 in Los Angeles California, and now operates numbers nationwide. 
Phomopsis obscurans
Symptoms of leaf blight infections begin as one to several circular reddish-purple spots on a leaflet.
Lesions follow major veins progressing inward.
The whole leaflet may turn brown.
In severe cases, stolons, fruit trusses and petioles may become infected which may girdle and kill the stem.
Pholcidae
Certain species of these seemingly benign spiders invade webs of other spiders and eat the host, the eggs or the prey. 
In some cases the spider vibrates the web of other spiders, mimicking the struggle of trapped prey to lure the host of the web closer. 
Pholcids are natural predators of the 'Tegenaria' species, and are known to attack and eat redback spiders and huntsman spiders. 
It is this competition that helps keep 'Tegenaria' populations in check, which may be advantageous to humans who live in regions with dense hobo spider populations.
Phoenix Lights
There is some controversy as to how best classify the reports on the night in question. 
Some are of the opinion that the differing nature of the eyewitness reports indicates that several unidentified objects were in the area, each of which was its own separate 'event.' 
This is largely dismissed by skeptics as an over-extrapolation from standard deviation common in necessarily subjective eye-witness accounts.
The media and most skeptical investigators have largely preferred to split the sightings into two distinct classes - a first and second event - for which two separate explanations are offered:
Phoenix (spacecraft)
Results published in the journal Science after the mission ended reported that chloride, bicarbonate, magnesium, sodium potassium, calcium, and possibly sulfate were detected in the samples. 
Under certain conditions perchlorate can inhibit life; however some microorganisms obtain energy from the substance (by anaerobic reduction).
So, perchlorate may be producing small amounts of liquid water to form on Mars today.
Gullies, which are common in certain areas of Mars, may have formed from perchlorate melting ice and causing water to erode soil on steep slopes. 
Phoenix (spacecraft)
MARDI images had been intended to help pinpoint exactly where the lander has landed, and possibly help find potential science targets. 
MARDI was built by Malin Space Science Systems, and it is the lightest and most efficient camera ever to land on Mars. 
It would have used only 3 watts of power during the imaging process, less than most other space cameras.
It had originally been designed and built to perform the same function on the Mars Surveyor 2001 Lander mission; after that mission was canceled, MARDI spent several years in storage until it was deployed on the 'Phoenix' lander.
Phoenix (manga)
Strange Beings: (??? igyo-hen) The story of a female samurai who is imprisoned in a time-warp by the Phoenix as punishment for her sins along with her faithful retainer & forced to become a healer treating the victims of wars from all over time and space including humans, youkai and various extraterrestrials.
He then escapes to Japan where he becomes the feudal lord Inukami and becomes caught in the middle of the Jinshin War, as well as joining a greater battle between supernatural forces and time-travelling to a bleak future world ruled by a theocracy that claim to have captured the Phoenix.
This chapter stands in stark contrast to the earlier historical Phoenix stories, which tended to de-mythologize the mythical characters therein, for instance in 'Dawn', many Shinto gods are portrayed as mere humans.
In this chapter, however, various Youkai, Oni, Tengu and other mythical creatures are shown fighting against Bodhisattva.
Phoenicia
In the centuries following 1200 BC, the Phoenicians formed the major naval and trading power of the region.
Brilliant textiles were a part of Phoenician wealth, and Phoenician glass was another export ware.
It is also widely accepted that the Phoenicians were very important in the establishment of many ancient dog breeds through the Mediterranean basin. 
They traded unrefined, prick-eared hunting dogs of Asian or African origin which locally they had developed into many breeds such as the Basenji, Ibizan Hound, Pharaoh Hound, Cirneco dell'Etna, Cretan Hound, Canary Islands Hound and Portuguese Podengo.
Phocion
Although the regent arrested and tortured one politician of Phocion's cortege, he expected both groups to be heard out.
As many people attempted to speak simultaneously, Agnonides proposed that they all be put into a single cage and taken back to Athens to decide the issue there.
When Phocion started speaking, the ruler began interrupting him so annoyingly that Phocion struck the floor with his staff and he refused uttering another word.
Then, Polyperchon ordered the detention of Phocion and his associates; while those closest to him were also seized, most of his embassy escaped from the court.
Phobos (moon)
Subsequently, however, the existence of the acceleration that had caused the claims was called into doubt, and accurate measurements of the orbit available by 1969 showed that the discrepancy did not exist.
Singer's critique was justified when earlier studies were later discovered to have used an overestimated value of 5 cm/yr for the rate of altitude loss, which was later revised to 1.8 cm/yr."
The secular acceleration is now attributed to tidal effects, which had not been considered in the earlier studies.
In addition, images obtained by the Viking probes in the 1970s clearly showed a natural object, not an artificial one, and the "hollow Phobos" speculations have been relegated to the status of a historical curiosity.
Phnom Penh
A new golden era of architecture took off, with various projects and young Khmer architects, often educated in France, given opportunities to design and construct.
This new movement was called "New Khmer Architecture" and was often characterised by a fusion of Bauhaus, European post-modern architecture, and traditional elements from Angkor.
The most prominent architect was Vann Molyvann, who was nominated chief national architect by the king himself in 1956.
Molyvann created landmark buildings such as the Preah Suramarit National Theatre and the Council of Ministers building, other architects helped construct the newly founded Royal Khmer University, the Institute of Foreign Languages and the National Sports Centre. 
Phish tours
The band finally hit the road in the summer, embarking on another annual summer tour of the United States.
Instead of throwing another huge summer festival to close out the tour, the band decided to focus all festival activities to the Millennium New Year's Eve celebration.
However, at the eleventh hour, Camp Oswego took place at an airport in upstate New York.
65,000 people attended and Phish played five sets of music over two days.
A number of other groups such as Ozomatli, the Del McCoury Band, and Son Seals performed on a side stage throughout the weekend.
Phinehas
At various times, Phinehas and his acts were cited in the United States by the promoters of laws banning interracial marriages.
These so-called anti-miscegenation laws were enforced in several US states until 1967. 
The story is also used by some Christian Identity groups , naming themselves Phineas Priesthood after Phinehas. 
They also claim that it is a Biblical injunction against interracial couples, transforming a conflict about temptation to idolatry into one about race. 
Phimosis
Pathological (acquired) phimosis has several causes. 
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus ( thought to be the same condition as balanitis xerotica obliterans), is regarded as a common (or even the main) cause of pathological phimosis. 
Other causes may include: scarring caused by forcible retraction of the foreskin, and balanitis. 
Some studies found phimosis to be a risk factor for urinary retention and carcinoma of the penis. 
Phimosis
Age is reportedly a factor in non-retractability: according to Huntley 'et al.' the foreskin is reportedly retractable in approximately 50% of cases at 1 year of age, 90% by 3 years of age, and 99% by age 17. 
These authors argue that, unless scarring or other abnormality is present, non-retractibility may "be considered normal for males up to and including adolescence."
Hill states that full retractability of the foreskin may not be achieved until late childhood or early adulthood.
Cantu states that acquired phimosis may be caused by forceful retraction, due to the formation of scar tissue.
Philostrate
Shakespeare is known for borrowing plots and characters from other stories, but the source of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' has proved difficult to trace.
However, many of its characters' names and relationships are borrowed from Chaucer's 'Canterbury Tales' and Philostrate is no exception.
Because Chaucer's Arcite adopts this identity to become a servant at Theseus' court, it is possible that the 'Midsummer Night's Dream' character is meant to be the same person in a continuation of the story. 
However, the two characters have little else in common.
Philostrate
In original performances of 'A Midsummer Night's Dream', the actor who played Egeus and the actor who played Philostrate were probably one and the same. 
In Act V, scene 1, for example, the quartos say "Call Philostrate" in several places where the 1623 Folio says "Call Egeus".
Howard Furness, editor of several Shakespeare editions, interprets this a little differently, saying that Shakespeare may not have originally intended both roles to be played by the same person, but that directors combined the roles to save money. 
In cases where one actor was playing both roles, Egeus' character would probably have filled both roles in this scene, absorbing Philostrate's lines into his own. 
Philosophy, Politics and Economics
The design of the programme emanates from the view that to understand social phenomena one must approach them from several complementary disciplinary directions and analytical frameworks. 
In this regard, the study of 'philosophy' is considered important because it both equips students with meta-tools such as the ability to reason rigorously and logically, and facilitates ethical reflection. 
The study of 'politics' is considered necessary because it acquaints students with the authoritative structures that govern society and help solve collective action problems. 
Finally, studying 'economics' is seen as vital in the modern world because political decisions often concern economic matters, and government decisions are often influenced by economic events. 
Philosophy of social science
Still, many researchers have indicated a lack of patience for overly dogmatic proponents of one method or another. 
Social research remains extremely common and effective 'in practise' with respect to political institutions and businesses.
Michael Burawoy has marked the difference between public sociology, which is focused firmly on practical applications, and 'academic' or 'professional' sociology, which involves dialogue amongst other social scientists and philosophers.
In recent years sociologists have frequently engaged with figures such as Jacques Derrida and Richard Rorty, just as social philosophy has often met with social theory. 
Philosophy of science
For Kuhn, the fundamental difference between science and other disciplines is in the way in which the communities function.
Others , especially Feyerabend and some post-modernist thinkers , have argued that there is insufficient difference between social practices in science and other disciplines to maintain this distinction. 
It is apparent that social factors play an important and direct role in scientific method, but that they do not serve to differentiate science from other disciplines. 
(See Science studies and the links there.)
Philosophy of physics
Philosophy of space and time
Time
Time is a fundamental quantity (that is, a quantity which cannot be defined in terms of other quantities, because at present we don't know anything more basic than time).
Our modern conception of time is based on Einstein's theory of relativity and Hermann Minkowski's spacetime, in which rates of time at separate places run differently, and space and time are merged into spacetime.
Time may be quantized, with the theoretical smallest time being the Planck time.
Einstein's general relativity as well as the redshift of the light from receding distant galaxies indicate that the entire Universe and possibly space-time itself began about 13.7 billion years ago in the big bang. 
Philosophy of mathematics
Another version of formalism is often known as deductivism.
The same is held to be true for all other mathematical statements.
It is usually hoped that there exists some interpretation in which the rules of the game hold. 
Many formalists would say that in practice, the axiom systems to be studied will be suggested by the demands of science or other areas of mathematics. 
Philosophy of language
The result of their studies was the elaboration of linguistic-philosophical notions whose complexity and subtlety has only recently come to be appreciated.
Many of the most interesting problems of modern philosophy of language were anticipated by medieval thinkers. 
One of the major developments of the scholastics in this area was the doctrine of the 'suppositio'.
It can be 'proper' or 'improper' (as when it is used in metaphor, metonyms and other figures of speech).
Philosophy of language
One debate that has captured the interest of many philosophers is the debate over the meaning of 'universals'. 
One might ask, for example, "When people say the word 'rocks', what is it that the word represents?"
Some have said that the expression stands for some real, abstract universal out in the world called "rocks". 
Others have said that the word stands for some collection of particular, individual rocks that we happen to put into a common category. 
Philosophy of chemistry
One of the most topical issues is determining to what extent physics, specifically, quantum mechanics, explains chemical phenomena. 
Can chemistry, in fact, be reduced to physics as has been assumed by many , or are there inexplicable gaps? 
Some authors have recently suggested that a number of difficulties exist in the reductionist program, notwithstanding our increasing knowledge of the microcosmic realm. 
The noted philosopher of science, Karl Popper, among others , predicted as much. 
Philosophy of chemistry
Major philosophical questions arise as soon as one attempts to define chemistry and what it studies.
Atoms and molecules are often assumed to be the fundamental units of chemical theory, but traditional descriptions of molecular structure and chemical bonding fail to account for the properties of many substances , including metals and metal complexes. 
For example, many rocks exist as mineral complexes composed of multiple ions that do not occur in fixed proportions or spatial relationships to one another. 
Philosophy of business
Early writers dealing with economic topics, such as Adam Smith, borrowed many of their techniques and terminology from classical physics.
Today a few theorists are starting to question the mechanistic approach and model business on biological principles or chaos theory.
Newton's law of inertia has found its way into marketing where it is claimed that consumers will continue in their current state unless they are encouraged to act otherwise.
Thus advertising is claimed to perform the valuable role of helping people experience a more variegated and interesting life. 
Philosophy of Soren Kierkegaard
In this form of despair, the individual finds him or herself in despair, understands they are in despair, and seeks some way to alleviate it, and yet no help is forthcoming.
At this level of despair the individual revels in their own despair and sees their own pain as lifting them up above the base nature of other men who do not find themselves in this state.
This is the least common form of despair and Kierkegaard claims it is mostly found in true poets.
One last note is that as one travels further down the forms of despair, the number of people in each group becomes less and less.
Philosophy of Max Stirner
This contrasts with the method of the revolutionary who brings about a change of conditions by displacing one government with another: Stirner was writing about people liberating themselves from their own limits and rising above limiting social, political and ideological conditions, and for each to walk their own way.
The passages quoted above are clearly incompatible with David Leopold's conclusion (in his introduction to the Cambridge University Press edition) that Stirner "...saw humankind as 'fretted in dark superstition' but denied that he sought their enlightenment and welfare".
Stirner refused to describe himself as directly liberating others.
But his stated purpose in these quotations seems to be to achieve the "enlightenment and welfare" of others by way of demonstration and "insurrection" as he defines it. 
Philosophy of Max Stirner
Max Stirner was a philosopher whose "name appears with familiar regularity in historically-orientated surveys of anarchist thought as one of the earliest and best-known exponents of individualist anarchism." 
In 1844, his 'The Ego and Its Own' was published, which is considered to be "a founding text in the tradition of individualist anarchism." 
Stirner proposes that most commonly accepted social institutions-including the notion of State, property as a right, natural rights in general, and the very notion of society-were mere illusions or 'ghosts' in the mind, saying of society that "the individuals are its reality."
Philosophy of Ghost in the Shell
A Stand Alone Complex can be compared to the emergent copycat behavior that often occurs after incidents such as serial murders or terrorist attacks.
An incident catches the public's attention and certain types of people "get on the bandwagon", so to speak. 
It is particularly apparent when the incident appears to be the result of well-known political or religious beliefs, but it can also occur in response to intense media attention. 
However, if the right kind of people begin to believe it was arson, caused by deliberate action, the threat that more arsons will be committed increases drastically. 
Philosophy in the Bedroom
Eugénie is instructed on the pleasures of various sexual practices and she proves to be a fast learner.
As is usually the case in Sade's work, the characters are all bisexual, and sodomy is the preferred activity of all concerned, especially Dolmancé, who prefers male sexual partners and will not have anything other than anal intercourse with females.
Madame de Saint-Ange and her younger brother Le Chevalier also have sex with one another, and boast of doing so on a regular basis.
Their incest - and all manner of other sexual activity and taboos, such as sodomy, adultery, and homosexuality - are justified by Dolmancé in a series of energetic arguments that ultimately boil down to 'if it feels good, do it.'
Philosophy
Philosophy is distinguished from other ways of addressing these questions (such as mysticism or mythology) by its critical, generally systematic approach and its reliance on reasoned argument.
"Philosophy is rationally critical thinking, of a more or less systematic kind about the general nature of the world (metaphysics or theory of existence), the justification of belief (epistemology or theory of knowledge), and the conduct of life (ethics or theory of value).
Everyone has some general conception of the nature of the world in which they live and of their place in it.
Everyone has occasion to doubt and question beliefs, their own or those of others, with more or less success and without any theory of what they are doing.
Ethics, or moral philosophy, in its most inclusive sense, seeks to articulate, in rationally systematic form, the rules or principles involved."
Philosophy
At the time, he understood most of the problems of philosophy as mere puzzles of language, which could be solved by investigating and then minding the logical structure of language.
Years later he would reverse a number of the positions he had set out in the 'Tractatus', in for example his second major work, 'Philosophical Investigations' (1953).
'Investigations' was influential in the development of "ordinary language philosophy", which was promoted by Gilbert Ryle, J.L. Austin, and a few others. 
In the United States, meanwhile, the philosophy of W. V. O. Quine was having a major influence, with such classics as Two Dogmas of Empiricism.
He argued for holism, the thesis that language, including scientific language, is a set of interconnected sentences, none of which can be verified on its own, rather, the sentences in the language depend on each other for their meaning and truth conditions.
A consequence of Quine's approach is that language as a whole has only a very thin relation to experience, some sentences which refer directly to experience might be somewhat modified by sense impressions, but as the whole of language is theory-laden, for the whole language to be modified, more than this is required.
However, most of the linguistic structure can in principle be revised, even logic, in order to better model the world. 
Dummett, among others , argued that truth conditions should be dispensed with in the theory of meaning, and replaced by assertibility conditions. 
Philosophical zombie
# If physicalism is true, then it is 'not' possible for there to be a world in which all the physical facts are the same as those of the actual world but in which there are 'additional' facts.
(This is because, according to physicalism, 'all' the facts are fully determined by the physical facts; so any world that is 'physically' indistinguishable from our world is 'entirely' indistinguishable from our world.)
# But there is a possible world in which all the physical facts are the same as those of our world but in which there are additional facts.
(For example, it is possible that there is a world exactly like ours in every physical respect, but in it everyone lacks certain mental states, namely any phenomenal experiences or qualia.
The people there look and act just like people in the actual world, but they don't feel anything; when one gets shot, for example, he yells out as if he is in pain, but he doesn't 'feel' any pain.)
# Therefore, physicalism is false.
Philosophical views of suicide
In this and most other civilized countries , for example, an engagement by which a person should sell himself, or allow himself to be sold, as a slave, would be null and void; neither enforced by law nor by opinion. 
The ground for thus limiting his power of voluntarily disposing of his own lot in life, is apparent , and is very clearly seen in this extreme case. 
The reason for not interfering, unless for the sake of others, with a person's voluntary acts, is consideration for his liberty.
His voluntary choice is evidence that what he so chooses is desirable, or at the least endurable, to him, and his good is on the whole best provided for by allowing him to take his own means of pursuing it.
Philosophical skepticism
'Local' skeptics deny that people do or can have knowledge of a particular area.
They may be skeptical about the possibility of one form of knowledge without doubting other forms.
Different kinds of local skepticism may emerge, depending on the area.
A person may doubt the truth value of different types of journalism, for example, depending on the types of media they trust.
Philosophical problems
Aesthetics Essentialism
In art, essentialism is the idea that certain concepts may be expressed organically in certain media.
A chase scene, for example, may be appropriate for motion pictures, but poorly realized in poetry, because the essential components of the poetic medium are ill suited to convey the information of a chase scene.
This idea may be further refined, and it may be said that the haiku is a poor vehicle for describing a lover's affection, as opposed to the more organically correct sonnet. 
Generally , working artists accept some form of the concept of organic form (although philosophers like Rudolf Arnheim have added support), whereas philosophers have tended to regard it as vague and irrelevant. 
Philomena Begley
Her venture as a singer was with the popular Old Cross Céilí Band, whom she sang with as a dare, but stayed with the group.
After a number of years, in the 1960s the band was renamed The Country Flavour.
She regularly toured with Ray Lynam in 1975 and they recorded many duets together and even garnered considerable success with them.
Probably their most popular being "My Elusive Dreams" which would go on to be mentioned in The Pogues' song, "A Pair of Brown Eyes". 
Philolexian Society
The number of Philolexians is actually unknown, because any person who attends even part of a meeting is officially a member (the organization's website claims that the number is greater than one but less than infinity).
Those candidates who qualify may receive an invitation to New Member Night, a secretive initiation rite.
To further test a potential Full Philo's merit, he or she must also present a petition reflecting the approval of other Philolexians and some work of original creative merit in order to be considered at New Member Night, as well as surviving 'The Horrors'. 
This meeting is not open to the public, and if asked, Full Philos may only disclose that it involves weasels and/or platypi.
Philodendron
It has been suggested that this may be due to the fact that Philodendrons have many geographic and time barriers that would prevent any such cross pollination. 
Its also the case that since Philodendron often are pollinated by specific species of beetles that this would prevent cross pollination.
The beetles have also been observed to be selective to the height of the plant they pollinate which would serve as an additional preventitive measure that would make hybrids less likely.
An interesting feature of these hybrids is that they often can show remarkable types of crosses with regards to genetic relation.
Philmont Scout Ranch
Trail camps may, or may not have a nearby water source. 
Philmont's camps are generally set no more than a couple of miles apart.
Currently there are in excess of 25 closed camps, many of which will never re-open as a result of evolving safety protocols. 
For instance camps once located on top of Urraca Mesa, or in the Baldy Saddle will likely never reopen as their locations posed lightning risks.
Philmont Scout Ranch
Programs and activities
Trek
The standard and most popular Philmont program is the 'trek'.
A group of Scouts on a trek is called a 'crew'; most crews are assembled by troops, Venturing crews, or local councils.
A crew consists of eight to twelve people, with two to four adult leaders, a chaplain's aide, and a crew leader.
'Sister crews' are crews that follow the same itinerary and are usually from different troops.
Philly Morris
After having two types of testicular cancer he set up the UK's most famous testicular cancer website with the help of well known musicians Steve White and Paul Weller in April 2003. 
During this time Philly also helped to raise awareness of testosterone replacement, with long-time campaigner and cancer survivor Nick O'Hara Smith, in men who had lost a testicle or testicles to injury or cancer, a subject which had been widely ignored until Nick exerted pressure on health authorities. 
Philly works alongside his close friend Mick Riley MBE, who also survived cancer of the testicles in 1998, and another testicular cancer survivor and awareness campaigner in the world of professional football/TV and the media, Simon Shakeshaft.
Morris and Riley hail from the same area in Merseyside, shared a room in the army and were in the same boxing team in Germany, and both had the same cancer within 5 years of each other; the chances of this are around 560,000:1, which still baffles leading cancer experts today.
Phillis Wheatley
With the 1774 publication of Wheatley's book 'Poems on Various Subjects,' she "became the most famous African on the face of the earth."'
Voltaire stated in a letter to a friend that Wheatley had proved that black people could write poetry.
John Paul Jones asked a fellow officer to deliver some of his personal writings to "Phillis the African favorite of the Nine (muses) and Apollo."'
She was also honored by many of America's founding fathers , including George Washinton. 
Phillip Spaulding
Believing everyone was against him, Phillip decided to leave Springfield with the only people he cared about—his children.
Not long after, Phillip arranged for Lizzie to be brought to him, however when she refused to go with him, he became enraged and vowed to destroy the people who have cost him his daughter’s love.
That same night, he asked several people to meet him at Company at 9pm, telling each person if they came, and told no one else of the meeting, their children would be returned to them.
At 9pm, various citizens of Springfield converged at Company to find Phillip shot!
Phillip Spaulding
After they had been running for a while they found themselves near Central Park and nearly out of money, Beth was working on some artistic sketches when both came upon a sidewalk Santa Claus (who preferred to be called Nick) who asked if they needed help.
Nick had led them to a place where he had led many people who were lost and homeless or poor or down on their luck.
Nick turned them over to the others staying there and asked them to watch over Beth and Phillip.
Bradley saw through their disguise and got in a violent struggle with Phillip in Central Park that ended when Bradley almost fell off a cliff.
Phillip Spaulding
After some investigating, Harley learned Alan was telling the truth—Phillip was alive!
Though distressed at the thought of him returning, Harley decided it might be best to know his whereabouts and took the case.
It was Remy who claimed to have run into Phillip after losing some gambling money in Clayton.
Remy claimed Phillip paid him to deliver this package (which contained Phillip’s old high school sports jersey) to Zach.
Phillip Bush
Bush studied at the Peabody Conservatory with Leon Fleisher, and has said that he still considers Fleisher his major musical influence.
Bush spent two years at Banff Centre School of Fine Arts in Canada from 1981-83; there he met Steve Reich and several other musicians who were formative influences for the direction of his career. 
He subsequently moved to New York City, and for most of his career was based there.
In recent years he has made his home elsewhere in the U.S., teaching for several years at the University of Michigan and then moving to Columbia, South Carolina, where he lives today.
Phillip Bay, New South Wales
History
Aborigines
Aboriginal people were the first to live at Phillip Bay and La Perouse.
Their presence was recorded by Arthur Phillip and the French expedition led by Jean de La Pérouse who arrived within six days of each other in January 1788.
The settlement has been run by a variety of church and welfare groups over time. 
The area is now owned by Aboriginal people, as is Yarra Bay House and the headland between Frenchmans Bay and Yarra Bay.
Philles Records
By most accounts, 39 singles were issued on the label.
(This, and many other flipsides , were deliberately undistinguished instrumentals, which were intended to focus attention on the A-sides. 
Also, most discographies , including the one in the 'Back to Mono' booklet, list two items with catalogue number Philles 123: "Stumble And Fall" by Darlene Love was withdrawn and replaced with "Walking in the Rain" by The Ronettes. 
Despite the prior claim that Philles 134, 135, and 136 were not released in the United States, promo and regular stock copies of all 3 exist, as well as the withdrawn Darlene Love single listed above. 
Phill Niblock
Niblock's music is an exploration of sound textures created by multiple tones in very dense, often atonal tunings (generally microtonal in conception) performed in long durations.
The layering of long tones only very slightly distinct in pitch creates a multitude of beats and generates complex overtone patterns and other fascinating psychoacoustic effects.
The combination of apparently static surface textures and extremely active harmonic movement generates a highly original music that, while having things in common with early drone-based Minimalism, is utterly distinct in sound and technique.
Niblock's work continues to influence a generation of musicians, especially younger players from a variety of musical genres.
Philitas of Cos
Philitas was the most important intellectual figure in the early years of Hellenistic civilization.
"The most important intellectual figure in the early years of the new Hellenistic world was Philetas from the east Greek island of Cos."
He gained instant recognition in both poetry and literary scholarship, and, as far as is known, was the first person called "poet as well as scholar" (??????? ?µ? ??? ????????, 'poiet?s áma kai kritikós').
A statue was erected of him, possibly at a 'Mouseion' at Cos, and his work was explicitly acknowledged as a classic by both Theocritus and Callimachus. 
Philippists
Melanchthon, on the other hand, with his faithful followers Joachim Camerarius, Georg Major, Justus Menius, Johann Pfeffinger, Paul Eber, Cruciger, Victorinus Strigel, and others saw in the self-styled genuine Lutherans nothing but a narrow and contentious class, which, ignoring the inherent teaching of Luther, sought to domineer over the church by letter and name, and in addition to assert its own ambitious self.
On the other hand, the Philippists regarded themselves as the faithful guardians of learning over against the alleged "barbarism," and as the mean between the extremes.
The genuine Lutherans also claimed to be representatives of the pure doctrine, defenders of orthodoxy, and heirs of the spirit of Martin Luther.
Personal, political, and ecclesiastical animosities widened the breach; such as the rivalry between the Ernestine branch of the Saxon house (now extruded from the electoral dignity) and the Albertine branch; the jealousy between the new Ernestine University of Jena and the electoral universities of Wittenberg and Leipzig, in both of which the Philippists had the majority; and the bitter personal antagonism felt at Wittenberg for Flacius, who assailed his former teachers harshly and made all reconciliation impossible.
Philippines
Traditional Filipino sports are popular, among the youth, primarily as children's games, such as 'luksung baka', 'patintero', 'piko', and 'tumbang preso'.
Sungka, while not as popular as it once was, is still viewed as a significant part of the traditional native Filipino games. 
Card games are popular during festivities, with some, including 'Pusoy' and 'Tong-its', being used as a form of illegal gambling.
Majhong is played in some Filipino communities. 
Philippine general election, 2007
Both of them said that they are not backing out of the race and its was just that they are having some financial problems.
Another problem for the GO is the frequent cancellation of their provincial sorties due to lack of local coordinators that will bring people into their rallies.
During the day of the elections itself, it was reported that many voters' names were mixed up or removed from the registries at ballot stations, causing much consternation. 
It was also reported that several areas in Maguindanao were completely overrun by vote-buying, both on the local and national levels. 
Philippine Tarsier Foundation
The tarsier mainly dines on insects, usually crickets, and frogs.
Its chief predator, on the other hand, is the common house cat.
But they almost always return before daybreak.
Thus, he and two other staff members have made it their daily morning routine to inspect the net for breaches.
Philippine Military Academy
The first major change in the PMA curriculum occurred in 1993, with the introduction of the tri-service curriculum.
The tri-service curriculum aimed to graduate officers who were immediately deployable after graduation to the three major branches of service: the Army, the Navy, and the Air Force.
This objective was best realized by the Navy, which found the Naval Officers’ Qualification Course ‘A’ that prepared infantry-trained PMA graduates for naval duties, no longer necessary.
The Army, on the other hand, enhanced infantry training with various modules such as the Scout Ranger Orientation Course, C3I, leadership, and management.
Philippine Marine Corps Force Recon Battalion
It was intensely engaged against several kidnap-for-ransom (KFRC) gangs in Central Mindanao. 
One of the most celebrated accomplishments of the unit during this period was the rescue of Father BLANCO and Anthony BIEL from the Abu Sayyaf. 
The encounters by the unit which preceded this rescue, together with other Marine units operating in Basilan were the first ever series of encounters by the AFP against the ASG.
This operation soon led to several intense but nonetheless successful combat operations against the ASG and the MNLF Lost Command in Basilan and Jolo, which unfortunately escalated to alarming heights with the arrival of the Philippine Army in the area. 
Philippa Schuyler Middle School
Admission to this school is by competitive examination, unlike many public Middle Schools in New York City. 
The school is ranked one of the best middle schools in the city.
Achievement First Charter School has recently been added in addition to the school, provoking many angry parents, teachers, and students alike. 
Many parents believe that the extra school within the building could possibly affect the Schuyler students attending and could hurt their educations, therefore lowering the standards and educational standing of the school. 
Philipp Melanchthon
The composition now known as the 'Augsburg Confession' was laid before the Diet of Augsburg in 1530, and would come to be considered perhaps the most significant document of the Protestant Reformation. 
Although commonly thought of as a unified statement of doctrine by the two reformers, Luther did not conceal his dissatisfaction with the irenic tone of the confession. 
Indeed, some would criticize Melanchthon's conduct at the Diet as unbecoming of the principle he promoted, implying that faith in the truth of his cause would logically have inspired Melanchthon to a more firm and dignified posture. 
Others point out that he had not sought the part of a political leader, suggesting that he seemed to lack the requisite energy and decision for such a role and may simply have been a lackluster judge of human nature. 
Philipp Melanchthon
He eagerly labored for an agreement, for his patristic studies and the Dialogue (1530) of Ocolampadius had made him doubt the correctness of Luther's doctrine.
Bucer did not go so far as to believe with Luther that the true body of Christ in the Lord's Supper is bitten by the teeth, but admitted the offering of the body and blood in the symbols of bread and wine.
Melanchthon discussed Bucer's views with the most prominent adherents of Luther; but Luther himself would not agree to a mere veiling of the dispute.
Melanchthon's relation to Luther was not disturbed by his work as a mediator, although Luther for a time suspected that Melanchthon was "almost of the opinion of Zwingli"; nevertheless he desired to "share his heart with him."
Philip the Arab
Philip's rule started with yet another Germanic incursion on the provinces of Pannonia and the Goths invaded Moesia (modern-day Serbia and Bulgaria) in the Danube frontier.
They were finally defeated in the year 248, but the legions were not satisfied with the result, probably due to a low share of the plunder, if any. 
Pacatianus' revolt was not the only threat to his rule: in the East, Marcus Jotapianus led another uprising in response to the oppressive rule of Priscus and the excessive taxation of the Eastern provinces.
Two other usurpers, Marcus Silbannacus and Sponsianus, are reported to have started rebellions without much success. 
Philip of Jesus
After some months in the Order, Philip grew tired of monastic life, left the Franciscans in 1589, took up a mercantile career, and went to the Philippines, another Spanish colony, where he led a life of pleasure.
After some years he was to have been ordained at the monastery in Mexico, the episcopal see of Manila being at that time vacant.
The governor of the province confiscated the ship and imprisoned its crew and passengers, among whom were another Franciscan, Juan de Zamorra, two Augustinians and a Dominican.
This was also said , falsely and unwarrantably , by one of the crew and enraged the Japanese Taiko, Toyotomi Hideyoshi, generally called Taicosama by Europeans, who commanded on 8 December, 1596, the arrest of the Franciscans in the monastery at Miako, now Kyoto, whither St. Philip had gone. 
Philip Verheyen
As the third child of eight, Philip Verheyen was born in Verrebroek (most likely in his parents' house, standing on a small plot of owned land in the area called "Borring", close to the border with Meerdonk) to Thomas Verheyen and Joanna Goeman.
Little is known of his childhood.
As a young boy he was probably a cowherd and it is assumed that he learned to read and write at the local parish school. 
Local folk tales claim that he had such a brilliant memory that he could recite the pastor's sermon after attending mass on Sunday. 
Philip Solomon (medium)
Philip Solomon is UK based and has appeared many times on television and radion in his role as a medium.
He has also written ten books on the paranormal world for the popular market as well as being a presenter for Wolverhampton City Radio 101.8 FM.
He has worked with several well-known mediums such as Derek Acorah and renowned parapsychologists such as Dr Hans Holzer.
In the past he has worked for organisations such as the BBC and continues to be a major fund-raiser for charitable organisations.
Philip Rose (theatrical producer)
He has observed that though racism has been extant in numerous contexts, it began in America as a business proposition: Slavery.
In two anecdotes relating to Raisin in the Sun, he points out that back in 1959, the year the play was first produced, there was a man seated in the best seat in the House (Fourth Row Center).
This man preferred to stand at the back of the theater for the entire performance rather than in the best seat in the house situated between two black couples, an interesting commentary on the irrationality of prejudice.
The next day, along with a rave review there was an editorial stating that the same people who applauded Walter Lee, went home and kept fighting to keep black people out of their neighborhoods.
Philip LaZebnik
Philip LaZebnik has numerous film and TV writing credits, both in Los Angeles and Europe.
Since moving to Europe, his screen credits include the films The Three Investigators: the Mystery of Skeleton Island; The Three Investigators: the Secret of Terror Castle; The Treasure of the Templar Knights; The Treasure of the Templar Knights II: The Black Brotherhood; The Treasure of the Templar Knights III: The Snake Crown; Asterix and the Vikings; The Wild Bunch; Mikisoq; and Search for Planet X; as well as consulting on numerous other films.
Co-author with Kingsley Day of the award-winning musical Summer Stock Murder, he most recently wrote the book for the musical My Fairy Tale with songs by Stephen Schwartz, produced in 2005 at Denmark’s Gladsaxe Theatre as part of the Hans Christian Andersen bicentennial celebration.
The screenplay for Mulan won the 1998 Annie Award for best animation screenplay.
Philip K. Dick
'VALIS' is perhaps Dick’s most postmodern and autobiographical novel, examining his own unexplained experiences (see above). 
It may also be his most academically studied work, and was adapted as an opera by Tod Machover. 
'VALIS' was voted Philip K. Dick‘s best novel at the website philipkdickfans.com.
Later works like the VALIS trilogy were heavily autobiographical, many with "two-three-seventy-four" (2-3-74) references and influences. 
Philip K. Dick
'The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch' utilizes an array of science fiction concepts and features several layers of reality and unreality.
Life is physically daunting and psychologically monotonous for most colonists, so the UN must draft people to go to the colonies.
The company also secretly creates "Can-D", an illegal but widely available hallucinogenic drug allowing the user to "translate" into Perky Pat (if the drug user is a woman) or Pat's boyfriend, Walt (if the drug user is a man).
This recreational use of Can-D allows colonists to experience a few minutes of an idealized life on Earth by participating in a collective hallucination.
Philip II of Spain
In 1558 Turkish admiral Piyale Pasha captured the Balearic Islands, especially inflicting great damage on Minorca and enslaving many, while raiding the coasts of the Spanish mainland.
Philip appealed to the Pope and other powers in Europe to bring an end to the rising Ottoman threat. 
Since his father's losses against the Ottomans and against Barbarossa Hayreddin Pasha in 1541, the major European sea powers in the Mediterranean, namely Spain and Venice, became hesitant in confronting the Ottomans.
The myth of "Turkish invincibility" was becoming a popular story, causing fear and panic among the people.
Philip I, Prince of Taranto
In 1309, he accused Thamar of adultery, probably on a falsified charge. 
In exchange, her maternal lands of Courtenay and other estates on the continent were ceded to Hugh's sister Joan, who married Catherine's half-brother, Philip of Valois.
To complete the separation of Eastern and Western claims, Hugh ceded his rights to Thessalonica to Louis, while Louis renounced his claims on his parents' inheritance in favor of Hugh.
The engagement of Philip's eldest son Charles of Taranto to Matilda of Hainault was broken off, and he was engaged to Jeanne de Valois, younger sister of Catherine of Valois; his father also ceded to him the title of Despot of Romania and the claims thereto appertaining.
Philip Hunter Timberlake
The appointment of Timberlake in the Department of Biological Control in 1924 was motivated by his extensive knowledge of the taxonomy of parasitic Hymenoptera and of predaceous ladybird beetles, groups of importance in biological control of pest insects.
However, by the late 1920s and thereafter, he focused almost entirely upon the taxonomy of native bees, especially the genus 'Perdita'.
There are over 800 species of 'Perdita', most described by Timberlake, but also by T.D.A. Cockerell.
They are almost all specialist pollinators (oligoleges) of many species of plants , especially in the Sonoran desert, where Timberlake carried out extensive collecting for decades. 
Philip Goad
Professor Goad is known internationally for his research in a variety of areas, including architectural history, theory and design. 
He is a well-known authority on modern Australian architecture. 
One of his most notable fields of expertise is the life and work of Robin Boyd. 
As an architect, his most notable work has been for the Melbourne firm, Corrigan and Edmond, as project architect for the RMIT Building 8 project in Swanston Street, central Melbourne. 
Philip Aziz
Our children, for instance, need us to believe in them.
Mentorship, in other words, is about the contemplation of the yet untapped potential of another human being.
People like to say: "I will believe it when I see it."
A no less valid assertion, however, is: " will see it when I believe it."
Philharmonia Hungarica
This refugee ensemble gathered together some of Hungary's finest musical talent and was directed by none other than Zoltán Rozsnyai, former conductor of the Hungarian National Philharmonic. 
Through the ardent efforts of Rozsnyai and honorary president Antal Doráti, the Philharmonia Hungarica quickly matured into one of Europe's most distinguished orchestras. 
During the 1970s, Doráti and the orchestra, under contract with Decca Records, made a recording of the complete cycle of Joseph Haydn's symphonies; only one other ensemble, the Austro-Hungarian Haydn Orchestra, conducted by Ádám Fischer, has since repeated this feat.
Doráti's recording has been widely reported as a world-first, however this was not the case. 
Philco
Like other makers of the era they offered a wide line of radios beginning with five-tube sets all the way up to high-fidelity consoles with 20 tubes in 1937-38. 
Philco also made battery-powered radios which were by then called "farm radios", most of which had cabinets identical to their AC powered versions.
Philco sold far more of this style than any other maker; many of them exist today in collections.
By today's standards most of them are still excellent performing AM band radios when restored.
Philatelic investment
Most stamps collected from the in mainland China during this period were sold overseas to American and European collectors in order to generate foreign exchange, and the printing quantities of some issues were very low (100,000 or fewer).
For many years, demand for stamps of the in mainland China was also low, however; most Chinese collectors outside of China weren't collecting them, those inside weren't allowed to, and interest among non-Chinese was minimal.
PRC issues were considered "wallpaper."
As always, this is impossible to gauge, but what is clear is that many issues of the PRC, have risen in price. 
Philatelic investment
An example of such a short-term fluctuation in the demand for a topical category was the brief boom in Diana, Princess of Wales issues which occurred following the popular British royal's sudden death.
For about a year or two after the tragedy, Diana stamps issued by various British Commonwealth nations often sold for up to ten times their catalogue value.
Most of the buyers of these popular issues were not, of course, "serious" stamp collectors. 
To experienced collectors, the interest in these issues was driven by the popular media and non-collectors wishing to commemorate Diana's death, the rise in prices was a temporary anomaly.
Philatelic fakes and forgeries
Although this is controversial , many collectors believe that a mint stamp is more valuable when the gum has been undisturbed. 
There are many fakers who are happy to accommodate them so that they can receive a premium price for a mint-never-hinged stamp. 
Examine the perforations closely; genuine gum is normally put on stamps before they are perforated so that gum that flows into the perforations may be a sign of being faked.
There are situations where the original gum 'should' have been washed off; bright fresh gum on the 1933 WIPA souvenir sheet of Austria would probably be false since the acidic nature of the original gum would cause the paper to deteriorate. 
Philadelphia Nativist Riots
Approximately one year later, a rumor was circulated that Hugh Clark, a Kensington school director who was Catholic, was visiting a girls school where he demanded that the principal stop Bible reading in school. 
The story also claimed that the principal refused and that she would rather lose her job. 
Hugh Clark denied this version of events and claimed that after finding out several students had left a Bible reading to read a different version of the Bible, he commented that if reading the Bible caused this kind of confusion that it would be better if it was not read.
Anti-Catholic and nativist groups further inflamed hostile feelings towards Catholics by twisting Bishop Kenrick's requests to the Board of Controllers into an attack against the Bible.
Philadelphia Experiment
It has been claimed that Jessup's use of a postcard in responding to Allende publicized their correspondence. 
This possibility, some theorists consider, was plausible cause for the government to have intervened, disrupting the conversation by replacing Allende with Allen, who was possibly a CIA agent monitoring Allende's inbound mail. 
This theory is suspect for several reasons , not the least of which is the fact that domestic intelligence gathering nor communications within the United States are within the purview of the CIA. 
More importantly, Allende has been accessible to the community of "Philadelphia Experiment" researchers for years, discounting any intervention by the government.
Philadelphia 76ers
On Memorial Day, 2003, Brown abruptly resigned as head coach, taking over the reins in Detroit a few days later.
Iverson was moved back to point guard and flourished, having arguably his finest season. 
He also impressed many with his willingness to get other players involved in the offense. 
Following the season, O'Brien was fired and replaced by the popular Maurice Cheeks, who played for the team from 1978–89, and was the starting point guard for the 1983 NBA Champions.
Phil Steele
He currently writes a column for the 'Orlando Sentinel', and is considered a "highly respected prognosticator" within the sports media.
His company, Phil Steele Publications, produces the annual preseason magazine 'Phil Steele's College Football Preview', which he personally writes in almost its entirety.
In a comparison of the major preseason college football magazines, ESPN writer Pat Forde said:"All the mags have their merits.
Chris Stassen, owner of football.stassen.com, has tracked the preaseason magazines' accuracy since 1993 and rates 'Phil Steele's' as the most accurate in its predictions.
Phil Pringle
Pringle speaks in a variety of conference and church situations around the world. 
He has authored a number of books, and continues to paint and hold exhibitions.
The church at Oxford Falls also runs several Colleges; School of Ministry, School of Creative Arts (including dance, drama, music, song writing, singing, visual arts, film and video) and School of Pastoral Care Management.
Pringle's vision is to build a growing church and movement of churches that are relevant to today's world, through bringing salvation to lost people and teaching people how to be disciples of Christ.
Phil Mushnick
However, he felt that Sid Rosenberg often crossed the line between crude humor and total inappropriateness.
He prophetically often wrote that Rosenberg would be the downfall of the show and despite being fired from WFAN for inappropriate remarks, continued absenteeism and bad public behavior, Rosenberg was one of the instigators of Don Imus's remarks about the Rutgers University women's basketball team.
He criticized the 'Imus in the Morning' program for calling Mother Teresa "a no-good bitch", former WFAN host Len Berman as "Lenny the Jew" and various other "observations" he felt that crossed the line.
In the same column he wondered why people were shocked at Imus' "nappy-headed-ho" comment.
Phil Mulloy
His animations have been described as "satirical grotesque" and often portray the dark side of human nature and contemporary social, political, and religious values in a humorous and at times, shocking way. 
His visual style is distinctive in its use of primitive, often skeletal figures and minimalist backgrounds.
Mulloy has made over 30 animated films many of which are in themed groupings based on Hollywood genres. 
Mulloy has won many international awards for his work and has conducted several workshops for young animators. 
Phil Keaggy
That same year, Phil released what has become one of his best-selling albums, 'True Believer.'
Yet Shacklock's slick production work on the album was a departure in style and sound for Keaggy, and while most of the album's material transcends the production, this would prove to be Keaggy's lone work with Shacklock.
Years later, in reflecting on the album, Keaggy would say that 'True Believer' "is really the most unlike me of any album I’ve ever done, in my personal opinion.
Despite the production issues, many of the album's songs remain concert favorties, including the title track, "Salvation Army Band," and "The Survivor." 
Phil Karlson
After working a number of film jobs , including being an assistant director for a number of Abbott and Costello films , Karlson directed his first film in 1944 and in 1948 directed the first film starring Marilyn Monroe, 'Ladies of the Chorus'. 
He worked on a number of low-budget projects for Monogram Pictures and Eagle-Lion Films before making his mark in 1950. 
It was then that he was known for directing tough, realistic and sometimes violent gritty crime films.
The film made the director a rich man many times over, thanks to the fact that he owned a huge part of the movie.
Phil Collins (artist)
His best-known works are video art, often featuring teenagers. 
His best known work is 'They Shoot Horses' (2004) consisting of two videos each lasting seven hours and shown at the same time on different walls. 
Music from the last three decades is played and the young people are captured in a single camera take, as they dance or, at times, stand round or slump to the floor.
Another similar work was 'The World Won't Listen' (2005), which features young people in Turkey, Colombia, and Indonesia performing karaoke versions of Smiths songs..
Phiale Painter
He painted several large chalice 'kraters', often with two registers of figures; unlike his master, he seems to have preferred larger vessels in general. 
Apart from a number of 'lekythoi', he painted two chalice 'kraters' in white-ground technique, a rarity at the time.
His themes may be partially influenced by contemporary theatre. 
His conventional name is based on the fact that a painted 'phiale', a vase shape rarely equipped with figural depictions, is known from him.
Phi Sigma Alpha
Like the members of the Sigma, a majority of the members of the Chapter of Phi Iota Alpha of the University of Louisiana disillusioned with character given to their brotherhood decided to separate, founding in April 1939 'Sigma Iota Alpha' Fraternity composed of Latin students of this university.
As it were to be expected this new grouping were received with distrust by the other Latin fraternal organizations at the university. 
Being that Phi Sigma Alpha organized in Puerto Rico with ideals similar to those of the Sigma Iota Alpha in Louisiana, and being both organizations the product of almost identical preceding brotherhoods, negotiations arose immediately to fuse both brotherhoods in a single one.
This was decided in a convention on September 10, 1939 in the University Puerto Rico, organizing themselves as 'Fraternidad SIGMA' or (Sigma Fraternity) with its ramifications; 'Phi Sigma Alpha Zone' in Puerto Rico and Sigma Iota Alpha Zone in Louisiana (Later the USA Zone's name was changed to 'Phi Sigma Beta Zone' and came to include other universities of the north).
The Phi Sigma Alpha Zone was organized by a board of directors of the Zone, the Militant chapter Alpha Boriquén of San Juan, and two university chapters, one in U.P.R. Río Piedras and another one in the C.A.A.M. of Mayagüez.
Phi Kappa National Fraternity
It has been reported that Brougton died as a victim of tuberculosis in Colorado but this claim has not been verified. 
If it were not for Mu Theta's strength during this time in the fraternity's history, Phi Kappa probably would not have survived. 
While the other chapters were dying or being forced to die, Mu Theta was building and growing and was willing and able to take the leadership position in the Fraternity and at Gulf Coast Military Academy.
As the members of Mu Theta fanned out across the South each summer break, many returned to their hometowns and founded Phi Kappa chapters. 
Phetracha
It is interesting to note that while Thai historians recorded that Phetracha was not interested in being King, Jesuit missionaries stated otherwise, that he was an ambitious man.
While this matter is ambiguous, it is generally agreed that he is a very influential figure in that period, harboring respect from many officers. 
It is also said that he strongly believed in Buddhism, thus gaining support from many monks, who feared Thailand was being converted to Christianity. 
When the royal palace at Lopburi was finished, King Narai would stay there for many months in a year, leaving Phetracha as regent to take care of matters in Ayutthaya.
Phetchaburi
The people of Phetchaburi engage in a variety of recreational activities. 
Fishing in the Phetchaburi River is quite popular. 
Young people can be seen playing football as well the traditional Thai sports, sepaktakraw.
The elderly can be seen playing Chess and other board games by the riverside.
Phenoxyethanol
'Phenoxyethanol' is an organic chemical compound, a glycol ether often used in dermatological products such as skin creams and sunscreen.
It is a bactericide (usually used in conjunction with quaternary ammonium compounds), often used in place of sodium azide in biological buffers as 2-phenoxyethanol is less toxic and non-reactive with copper and lead.
It is also used as a fixative for perfumes, an insect repellent, a topical antiseptic, a solvent for cellulose acetate, some dyes, inks, and resins, in preservatives, pharmaceuticals, and in organic synthesis.
It is used as an anesthetic in the aquaculture of some fishH.
Phenomenology (architecture)
Phenomenology, generally speaking , favored an approach to design that was highly personal and inward looking. 
Though most phenomenologists , Norberg-Schulz, for example, were highly critical of modernism and the International Style in particular, phenomenologically-oriented architects favored the clean and the simple over the complex or the organic. 
The approach that was most at odds with phenomenology was that of Robert Venturi and Denise Scott Brown, who were influenced by Pop art.
Though interest in phenomenology has waned in recent times, several architects , such as Steven Holl and Peter Zumthor, claim to be phenomenologists. 
Phenelzine
Phenelzine and/or its metabolites also inhibit at least two other enzymes to a lesser extent, of which are alanine transaminase (ALA-T), and ?-Aminobutyric acid transaminase (GABA-T), the latter of which is not caused by phenelzine itself, but by a phenelzine metabolite phenylethylidenehydrazine (PEH).
GABA is the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the mammalian central nervous system, and is very important for the normal suppression of anxiety and stress, as well as keeping depression at bay.
It is thought that phenelzine's action in increasing GABA concentrations may significantly contribute to its antidepressant, and especially, anxiolytic/antipanic properties. 
As for ALA-T inhibition, though the consequences of disabling this enzyme are currently not well understood, there is some evidence to suggest that it is this action of the hydrazines (including phenelzine) which may be responsible for the occasional incidence of hepatitis and liver failure. 
Phenelzine
Hypertensive crisis may result from the overconsumption of tyramine-containing foods.
As a result, patients on phenelzine and other MAOIs must avoid excess quantities of certain foods that contain tyramine such as aged cheeses and cured meats, among others.
Serotonin syndrome may result from an interaction with certain drugs which increase serotonin activity.
Several deaths have been reported due to drug interaction-related serotonin syndrome such as the case of Libby Zion. 
Pheidon
Aristotle, in "Politics", claims that he made changes to land reforms “family plots and the number of citizens should be kept equal, even if the citizens had all started with plots of unequal size.”
Does this correspond with him acting as champion of the people (a common theme running through ancient tyranny), making sure everyone has the same land rights?
He also claims that Pheidon started off as a king (basileus) and ended up a tyrant (tyrannos).
When discussing the phenomenon of tyranny Aristotle comes to vague conclusions and often contradictions are observed. 
Phawngpui
Phawngpui Peak in Mizoram exhibits the most enchanting view of Mizoram. 
This cliff is believed to be haunted by spirits. 
The area is encircled by matted bamboo groves and other alluring vegetations.
You will come across varieties of butterflies, including some rare species found in this region.
Phased adoption
In the implementation field several techniques are used. 
A well-known method, and specifically oriented on the implementation field, is the Regatta method by Sogeti. 
Systems are installed in several different ways. 
Different organizations may have their own methods, When implementing a system, it is considered a project and thus must be handled as such.
Phased adoption
As described in the above text, certain departments and or parts of an organization may be implemented in different time slots.
HRM needs different modules of an ERP system then Finance (module) or Finance may need an additional accounting software package (Product).
After the certain department has been conversed the loop starts over, and another department or user group may be conversed.
If all of the departments or organization parts are conversed and the system is totally implemented the system is officially delivered to the organization and the implementation team may be dissolved.
Phase-locked loop
Phase noise is another type of jitter observed in PLLs, and is mostly caused by the amplifier elements used in the circuit.
Some technologies are known to perform better than others in this regard. 
The best digital PLLs are constructed with emitter-coupled logic (ECL) elements, at the expense of high power consumption.
To keep phase noise low in PLL circuits, it is best to avoid saturating logic families such as transistor-transistor logic (TTL) or CMOS.
Phase-change memory
Although Flash devices of higher 'capacity' were available (64 Gb, or 8 GB, was just coming to market), other technologies competing to replace Flash generally offered lower densities (larger cell sizes).
The high density of Samsung's prototype PRAM device suggested it could be a viable Flash competitor, and not limited to niche roles as other devices have been. 
(State-of-the-art capacities on NAND passed 512 Mb some time ago.)
NOR Flash offers similar densities to Samsung's PRAM prototype and already offers bit addressability (unlike NAND where memory is accessed in banks of many bytes at a time).
Phase transition
Phase transitions often (but not always ) take place between phases with different symmetry. 
A fluid, which is composed of atoms arranged in a disordered but homogeneous manner, possesses continuous translational symmetry: each point inside the fluid has the same properties as any other point.
A crystalline solid, on the other hand, is made up of atoms arranged in a regular lattice.
Each point in the solid is 'not' similar to other points, unless those points are displaced by an amount equal to some lattice spacing.
Phase problem
There are two major processes for recovering the phases using the data obtained by regular equipment.
(A trio of reflections in which the intensity and phase of one reflection can be explained by the other two has a triple relation.)
The other is the Patterson method, which directly determines the positions of heavy atoms.
Because of the development of computers, the direct method is now the most useful technique for solving the phase problem.
Phase contrast microscopy
When these plane waves (parallel wave fronts) hit the phase object 'O' (located in the object plane labeled '2'), some of this light is diffracted (and/or refracted) while moving through the specimen.
The location of the phase plate 'P' has now a profound impact on the S-wave while leaving most of the D-wave "unharmed".
In what is known as positive phase contrast optics, the phase plate 'P' reduces the amplitude of all light rays traveling through the phase annulus (mainly S-waves) by 70 to 90% and advances the phase by yet another 90° (?/4).
However, the phase plate leaves most of the D-waves "untouched".
Phase 10
If, during a player's turn, they are able to make their current Phase with the cards in their hand, they lay the Phase down, face-up on the table before discarding.
Phases must be made in order, from 1 to 10.
A player must have the whole Phase in hand before laying it down.
A player may lay down more than the minimum requirements of a Phase, but only if the additional cards can be directly added to the cards already in the Phase.
For instance, if a Phase requires a set of 3 but the player has four of that card, the player may lay down all four cards when completing the Phase.
Only one Phase may be made per hand.
As a result, players may not all be working on the same Phase in the same hand.
Players receive credit for making a Phase as soon as it is laid down.
Several players will often complete their Phase in the same hand.
Pharmakos
Pharmakos does not only mean scapegoat, it is a synonym for 'pharmakeus', a word often repeated by Plato, meaning 'wizard', 'magician', even 'poisoner'.
In Plato's dialogues, Socrates is often depicted and termed as a 'pharmakeus'.
Socrates is considered as one who knows how to perform magic with words, and notably, not with written letters. 
His words act as a pharmakon (as a remedy, or allegedly as a poison as far as the Athenian authority were concerned) and change, cure the soul of the listener. 
In Phaedrus, he fiercely objects to the evil effects of writing, which, obviously, is what makes Derrida so interested in this book.
Here Socrates deliberately overlooks the other meaning of the word: the cure.
This, he claims, can lead us to the truth of the 'eidos', that which is identical to itself, always the same as itself, invariable.
Here Socrates again overlooks the 'other' reading of the word 'pharmakon': the poison.
He acts as a magician (pharmakos) - Socrates himself speaks about a supernatural voice that talks through him - and his most famous medicine (pharmakon) is speech, dialectics and dialogue leading to ultimate knowledge and truth.
But, ironically, Socrates also becomes Athens's most famous 'other' pharmakos, the scapegoat.
He is an abominable 'other'; not the absolute other, the barbarian, but the other (the outside) who is very near, like those outcasts, who is always-already on the inside.
The interplay between the words 'pharmakon-pharmakos-pharmakeus' is another example of Derridian 'Trace'.
Pharmacy
Hospital pharmacies can usually be found within the premises of the hospital.
Hospital pharmacies usually stock a larger range of medications, including more specialized medications, than would be feasible in the community setting.
Hospital pharmacists and trained pharmacy technicians compound sterile products for patients including total parenteral nutrition (TPN), and other medications given intravenously.
Several hospital pharmacies have decided to outsource high risk preparations and some other compounding functions to companies who specialize in compounding. 
Pharmacognosy
These include changes to the herb from farming practices, substitution of species or other plants altogether, adulteration and cross-pollination issues.
For instance, ginseng which is field farmed may have significant problems with fungus, making contamination with fungicides an issue. 
This may be remedied with woods grown programs, but they are insufficient to produce enough ginseng to meet demand.
The wildcrafted echinacea, black cohosh and American ginseng often rely upon old growth root, often in excess of 50 years of age and it is not clear that younger stock will have the same pharmaceutical effect. 
Pharmaceuticals in India
In terms of the global market, India currently holds a modest 1-2% share, but it has been growing at approximately 10% per year[27].
India gained its foothold on the global scene with its innovatively-engineered generic drugs and active pharmaceutical ingredients (API), and it is now seeking to become a major player in outsourced clinical research as well as contract manufacturing and research.
There are 74 U.S. FDA-approved manufacturing facilities in India, more than in any other country outside the U.S, and in 2005, almost 20% of all Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDA) to the FDA are expected to be filed by Indian companies[21,27].
Growth in other fields notwithstanding, generics are still a large part of the picture. 
Pharmaceutical policy
Additionally, efforts to promote the ‘appropriate use’ of medications may also involve other providers like pharmacists providing clinical consulting services.
In settings such as hospitals and long-term care, pharmacists often collaborate closely with physicians to ensure optimal prescribing choices are made.
In some jurisdictions , such as Australia, pharmacists are compensated for providing medication reviews for patients outside of acute or long-term care settings. 
Pharmacist collaboration with family physicians in order to improve prescribing may also be funded.
Pharaoh Lake Wilderness Area
Fires have burned over most of the region in the past. 
As a result of this and the dry sites, much of the tree growth is coniferous with some white birch mixed in. 
The white pine-white birch type along the shores of several of the lakes and ponds adds immeasurably to their attractiveness. 
Stands of some of the best quality Adirondack hardwoods exist in the covelike pockets of the unburned area in the northeast. 
Phantom Power (Super Furry Animals album)
Recording largely took place at AV Happenings during the second half of 2002, with the band working through the night so as not to disturb staff who worked in other parts of the building during the day.
In the end it was the wigwam that was easiest to put up and sounded best".
A brief two week session with Gorwel Owen at Rockfield Studios saw some of the album's more "straight ahead" tracks recorded with live vocals before the band returned to AV Happenings and "messed around" with them.
When the album was almost finished the band enlisted the services of Tony Doogan who engineered sessions during which several vocal parts were recorded.
Phan Chu Trinh
That is to say, he wished to overthrow the monarchy in order to create a basis for the promotion of popular rights; I, on the contrary, maintained that first the foreign enemy should be driven out, and after our nation's independence was restored we could talk about other things.
His plan was to raise up the people to abolish the monarchy, with which I absolutely disagreed.
In other words, he and I were pursuing one and the same goal, but our means were considerably different. 
However, even though his political view was the opposite of mine, he liked me personally a great deal and we roomed together for several weeks.
Phan Boi Chau
Phan failed the regional mandarin exams for a number of years in a row.
By the time he was 30, he traveled to Hue to teach, "improve his contacts" and to obtain some special tutoring in preparation for his next exam attempt. 
This was Phan's first encounter with the Self-Strengthening Movement in China and other major political and military reforms made around the world. 
After returning back to Nghe An in 1900, Phan passed the regional mandarin exams with the highest possible honors.
Phan Boi Chau
However, they could not get enough money to buy more weapons until they had proved themselves with a military attack of some sort. 
Everyone said they needed something big and explosive because the people of Vietnam were short on patience. 
So Phan B?i Châu sent five people with a few grenades to the three regions of Vietnam.
Those that they sent to the south were wasted on some Vietnamese traitors. 
Phaltan
Mostly Local transport is done by Government Buses & some private vehicles,Auto rickshaws,Two Wheelers,now a days roads are quite good.
Most of the people use bicycle or two wheelers as a mode of transportation.
State transport to major cities like Mumbai, Pune, Nasik etc. is also available from the Central Bus Stand.
Few Private buses also have daily service to Pune, Mumbai every night with very affordable rates.
There is no railway connected to Phaltan but many people daily uses the near by railway staion Lonand to go to Mumbai and Kolhapur side
Phallus impudicus
The dispersal of spores is different from most "typical" mushrooms that spread their spores through the air.
Stinkhorns instead produce a sticky spore mass on their tip which has a sharp, sickly-sweet odor of carrion to attract flies and other insects.
The mature fruiting bodies can be smelled from a considerable distance in the woods, and at close quarters most people find the cloying stink extremely repulsive.
The flies land in the gleba and in doing so collect the spore mass on their legs and carry it to other locations.
Phalaenopsis amabilis
'Phalaenopsis amabilis', like most of the other species in this genus, has a short stem.
This is believed to be an adaptation to gain the light requirements needed to grow, according to Christenson. 
The rooting of 'P. amabilis' is usually unbranched.
The leaves of 'P. amabilis' vary from oblong to elliptic at the base and obtuse, minutely, at the tip or apex and measures at 50 × 10 cm.
The moon orchid's flower is showy, membranous, white, the lip, (the unpared petals of an orchid) which is three-lobed, and the callus are a variety of yellow and red depending on the individual plant.
Phalaenopsis
'Phalaenopsis' are not only outstanding in their beauty , but also unique in that in some species , the flowers turn into green leaves after pollination. 
As in many other plants , the petals of the orchid flowers serve to attract pollinating insects and protect essential organs. 
Following pollination, petals will usually undergo senescence (i.e. wilt and disintegrate) because it is metabolically expensive to maintain them.
In many 'Phalaenopsis' species such as 'P.violacea', the petals and sepals find new uses following pollination and thus escaping programmed cell death. 
Phaistos Disc
The disc shows traces of corrections made by the scribe in several places.
The 45 symbols were numbered by Arthur Evans from 01 to 45, and this numbering has become the conventional reference used by most researchers. 
Some symbols have been compared with Linear A characters by Nahm, Timm, and others. 
In the table below, the character "names" as given by Louis Godart (1995) are given in upper case; where other description or elaboration applies, they are given in lower case.
Phagophobia
Other expressions of this disease consist of an almost obsessive need for a glass of water while eating.
Certain patients suffering from phagophobia may fly into mild seizures and/or irrational rages if deprived of their water while eating.
During these rages, phagophobia some patients have a tendency to rapidly walk around the room holding an empty glass in one hand while plugging their ear with their other hand.
These and other symptoms have been observed. 
Phage therapy
Funding for phage therapy research and clinical trials is generally insufficient and difficult to obtain, since it is a lengthy and complex process to patent bacteriophage products.
Scientists comment that 'the biggest hurdle is regulatory', whereas an official view is that individual phages would need proof individually because it would be too complicated to do as a combination, with many variables. 
Due to the specificity of phages, phage therapy would be most effective with a cocktail injection, which are generally rejected by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Public awareness and education about phage therapy are generally limited to scientific or independent research rather than mainstream media.
Phage therapy
During World War II, the Soviet Union used bacteriophages to treat many soldiers infected with various bacterial diseases e.g. dysentery and gangrene.
Russian researchers continued to develop and to refine their treatments and to publish their research and results.
Phage therapy is today a widespread form of treatment in that region. 
For 80 years Georgian doctors have been treating local people, including babies and newborns, with phages.
Phaerimm
On 20 Nightal, 1371 DR (the Year of the Unstrung Harp), the Sharn Wall was unintentionally punctured by the elf Galaeron Nihmedu and the Shadovar prince Melegaunt Tanthul, allowing many of the phaerimm to escape. 
Several phaerimm also took up residence in the ruins of Myth Drannor and others conquered the beholder city of Ootul. 
Later, Galaeron and many others came to suspect that the Shadovar had planned for the phaerimm to be released near Evereska all along due to Shade’s complete disregard of the damage it was causing by melting the High Ice glaciers. 
The Shadovar and an alliance of many peoples including Waterdeep, Silverymoon, Cormyr, the Uthgardt barbarians, Dalesmen, Evermeet, and Evereska managed to defeat the phaerimm attacking Evereska and their armies, although the Faerunians and the Shadovar came into conflict when Shade decided to flood Anauroch by melting the High Ice, causing massive meteorological changes throughout northwest Faerun. 
Pflugerville, Texas
The population reached approximately 250 during the mid-1890s and a small downtown developed even though most residents did their branching and shipping in Round Rock, eight miles to the northwest.
Wooden buildings were erected on Main Street and Pecan Street, many by Conrad Pfluger – one of Henry Pfluger, Sr.'s eight sons. 
During that period, several area school districts consolidated with Pflugerville High School. 
Around 580 people lived in the community in 1930.
Pfannenstiel incision
The surgeon cuts on a generally horizontal (slightly curved) line just above the pubic symphysis.
This incision is commonly called the "bikini line incision".
Some common reasons for this surgical access are obstetric delivery and hernia repair. 
It is often used in preference to other incision types for the sake of aesthetics, because the scar will be hidden by the pubic hair.
Pfalz Flugzeugwerke
The final major production model was the Pfalz D.XII, a development of the D.III that abandoned the sesquiplane configuration in favor of two-bay wings similar to those of the French SPAD.
It entered the Second Fighter Competition in June 1918 against the famous Fokker E.V monoplane and other designs.
Although generally similar to the Fokker D.VII in looks and performance, the D.XII was widely considered to be inferior in handling characteristics and difficult to land. 
A few aircraft were eventually featured in various movies, notably 'Hell's Angels' and 'The Dawn Patrol'.
Peyton Young
Whereas evolutionary game theory studies the behavior of large populations of agents, the theory of 'learning in games' focuses on whether the actions of a small group of players end up conforming to some notion of equilibrium.
There is a complex feedback between a player's beliefs, their actions and the actions of others, which makes the data-generating process exceedingly non-stationary.
Young has made numerous contributions to this literature. 
Foster and Young (2001) demonstrate the failure of Bayesian learning rules to learn mixed equilibria in games of uncertain information, where the distribution of payoffs is not common knowledge.
Pewter
Pewter items are often found in churches.
Use of pewter was common from the Middle Ages up until the various developments in glass-making during the 18th and 19th centuries.
Mass production of glass products has seen glass universally replace pewter in day-to-day life.
Although some items still exist, Ancient Roman pewter is very rare.
Pew
In churches with a tradition of public kneeling prayer, pews are usually equipped with kneelers in front of the seating bench so members of the congregation can kneel on them instead of the floor.
These kneelers essentially have long, usually padded boards which run lengthwise parallel to the seating bench of the pew.
These kneeler boards may be 15 cm or so wide and elevated perhaps 10-15 cm above the floor, but dimensions can vary widely.
Permanently attached kneelers are often made so they can be rotated or otherwise moved up out of the way when the congregation members are not kneeling.
Peugeot 206
It was the best-selling car in Europe from 2001 to 2003. 
The 1.4L XR was the best-selling model. 
Sales in the UK were strong from the start, with the 206 regularly being among the nation's five most popular new cars during its first six years on sale.
Second-hand examples of the 206 traditionally hold their value well, due to high demand.
Petwo
Haitian spirits, or loa, are divided into several "nations."
Two of the major nations are the Rada and Petwo.
The Rada loa spirits like Danbala, Ezili Freda and Papa Legba -- are said to come from Africa, from the former Dahomean empire. 
Many scholars believe that the name "Rada" is a corruption of "Arara," an African port from whence many slave ships were launched. 
Petrus de Cruce
He held the title of 'magistar,' indicating that he probably studied at the University of Paris. 
Given the overlap of their lives and supposed tenures at Paris, Petrus may have been Franco of Cologne's student. 
It is recorded that in 1298 he composed a monophonic office for the royal palace chapel at Paris, and that in 1301-2, he resided at the court of the Bishop of Amiens, undoubtedly as a member of his clerical staff, and most likely his chapel staff as well. 
Contemporary and slightly later commentators spoke well of Petrus de Cruce; no less than the theorist Jacobus de Liege called him, "that worthy practical musician, who composed so many beautiful and good pieces of mensural polyphony and followed Franco’s precepts." 
Petrus Comestor
He borrows frequently from profane authors, especially from Flavius Josephus for the beginning of the Gospels, and very often the test is as though paraphrased in a commentary where all data, cosmological and physical, philosophical, theological, geographical, etc., are found.
There are numerous inaccuracies and fables. 
The work consists of twenty books and often small "additions" supply geographical or etymological appendixes at the end of the chapters.
This Biblical history met with great success, as witness the large number of manuscripts, the mention of his name in all the libraries of the Middle Ages, the lists of classical books for the universities and schools, the quotations and the eulogies with which the name of its author is everywhere accompanied (cf. the canonist Huguccio, about 1190) and its numerous translations, most of all the 'Bible Historiale' in French. 
Petrus Christus
It is still unknown whether Christus visited Italy, and brought style and technical accomplishments of the greatest Northern European painters directly to Antonello da Messina and other Italian artists, or whether his paintings were purchased by Italians. 
A document testifying to the presence of a "Piero da Bruggia" (Petrus from Bruges?) in Milan may suggest that he visited that city at the same time as Antonello, and the two artists may even have met. 
This might account for the remarkable similarities between the 'Portrait of a Man' attributed to Christus in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and many of Antonello's portraits, including the supposed self-portrait in the National Gallery in London. 
The composition of a 'Lamentation' now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art so closely inspired a marble relief by Antonello Gagini in the cathedral at Palermo that it has been suggested that the picture may have been painted for an Italian client. 
Petronas Twin Towers
The Petronas Towers were a setting for some scenes in the 1999 film 'Entrapment' starring Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
In the episode "Bound and Buried", in 'Life After People: The Series', the towers are shown collapsing 500 years after people due to corrosion and the weakening of the concrete columns.
The towers also feature in three levels of the game 'Hitman 2: Silent Assassin' where the player travels from one tower to another using the sky bridge, though it is unlike the real sky bridge; instead of being a narrow passageway, the sky bridge is wide and entered by breaking a panel of glass.
The Petronas Towers are also a major setting in the 2006 Bollywood film, Don - The Chase Begins Again, starring Shah Rukh Khan and 2005 Kollywood film, Anniyan, directed by S. Shankar.
Also, in the 2007 movie, Billa starring Ajith, Nayanthara, Namitha, a remake of the 1980 classic Billa by Rajnikanth, the Pertonas Twin Towers are being seen as a major setting.
In Joseph Vijay starrer Kuruvi you can see the Petronas towers.
Followed by Surya Sivakumar's Ayan
Petroleum industry in Nigeria
The situation is very bad and the people have engaged in protests. 
The problem is many of these protest have been met with unmitigated violence. 
One man was killed and 30 others were injured.
The soldiers claim that the protestors were armed, a claim the protestors deny Amnesty International. (2006).
Petroleum industry in Nigeria
Oil spills in Nigeria occur due to a number of causes which include: corrosion of pipelines and tankers (accounts for 50% of all spills), sabotage (28%), and oil production operations (21%), with 1% of the spills being accounted for by inadequate or non-functional production equipment.
(The Association for Environmental Health and Sciences)
A reason that corrosion accounts for such a high percentage of all spills is that as a result of the small size of the oilfields in the Niger Delta, there is an extensive network of pipelines between the fields, as well as numerous small networks of flowlines—the narrow diameter pipes that carry oil from wellheads to flowstations—allowing many opportunities for leaks.
In onshore areas, most pipelines and flowlines are laid above ground.
Even Shell admits that "most of the facilities were constructed between the 1960s and early 1980s to the then prevailing standards.
Petroleum industry in Nigeria
All companies operating in Nigeria obey government operational rules and naming conventions (companies operating in Nigeria must legally be sub-entities of the main corporation, often incorporating "Nigeria" into its name).
Joint ventures account for approximately 95 percent of all crude oil output, while local independent companies operating in marginal fields account for the remaining 5 percent.
Six companies are operating in Nigeria and are listed with their countries of origin ( most of the following is extracted from a Human Rights Watch report):; 'Royal Dutch Shell (British/Dutch)' :Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria Limited (SPDC), usually known simply as 'Shell Nigeria': A joint venture operated by Shell accounts for fifty percent of Nigerian's total oil production ( in 1997) from more than eighty oil fields. 
Shell Nigeria owns concessions on four companies, they are: Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC), Shell Nigeria Exploration and Production Company (SNEPCO), Shell Nigeria Gas (SNG), Shell Nigeria Oil Products (SNOP), as well as holding a major stake in Nigeria Liquified Natural Gas (NLNG).
Petroleum industry
The 'petroleum industry' includes the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often by oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products.
Petroleum is also the raw material for many chemical products, including pharmaceuticals, solvents, fertilizers, pesticides, and plastics.
The industry is usually divided into three major components: upstream, midstream and downstream.
Midstream operations are usually included in the downstream category.
Petroleum
The petroleum industry is involved in the global processes of exploration, extraction, refining, transporting (often with oil tankers and pipelines), and marketing petroleum products.
Petroleum is also the raw material for many chemical products, including pharmaceuticals, solvents, fertilizers, pesticides, and plastics.
The industry is usually divided into three major components: upstream, midstream and downstream.
Midstream operations are usually included in the downstream category.
Petroicidae
For want of a more accurate common name, the family is often described as the 'Australasian robins'.
The family occurs in New Guinea, Australia and numerous Pacific Islands as far east as Samoa.
Within the family the species are known not only as robins but the flycatchers, and scrub-robins.
They are however unrelated to Old World family Muscicapidae (to which other species with such names belong), or the monarch flycatchers (Monarchidae). 
Petr Shelokhonov
During the 1970s and 1980s he created a number of leading roles in popular stage productions in Leningrad, such as Nikita Romanovich in trilogy about Russian Tsars: 'Death of Ivan the Terrible', 'Tsar Boris', and 'Tsar Fedor Ioannovich' by Aleksei Tolstoy.
His most memorable TV performances were such roles as Laptev in Chekhov's 'Three Years', as Corporal Vaskov in 'Dawns are quiet here' by Boris Vasilyev, and as Batmanov in 'Far from Moscow' ('Daleko ot Moskvy') by Vasily Azhaev.
He also portrayed a variety of historical figures, leaders and intellectuals, on stage and in film, such as the Russian composer Mikhail Glinka, Academician Ivan Sechenov, revolutionaries Lenin and Dorogomilov.
In 1974 Shelokhonov played the leading role as industrialist Peresada, opposite another Russian film star Natalia Fateeva, in 'Otvetnaya mera' ('Counter measure').
Petr Chelčický
'On Spiritual Warfare', written in 1421, was his first major work.
In it he described how they subjected the common people and rode them "as if they were beasts".
His most comprehensive work, written around 1443 and one of his last, was 'The Net of Faith'. 
In it he showed how the apostles treated all people as equals, and considered Christ as the only head.
Petits-Chevaux
'Petits-Chevaux', French for "little horses", is a gambling game played with a mechanical device consisting of a board perforated with a number of concentric circular slits, in which revolve, each independently on its own axis, figures of jockeys on horseback, distinguished by numbers or colors.
The bystanders having staked their money according to their choice on a board marked in divisions for this purpose, the horses are started revolving rapidly together by means of mechanism attached to the board, and the horse which stops nearest a marked goal wins, every player who has staked on that horse receiving so many times his stake.
Figures of railway trains and other objects sometimes take the place of horses.
In recent years there has been a tendency to supplant the petits chevaux at French resorts by the boule or ball game, on the same principle of gambling; in this a ball is rolled on a basin-shaped table so that it may eventually settle in one of a number of shallow cups, each marked with a figure. 
Petite sizes
In addition to its measurements, a petite-size garment may have a different 'design' from those intended for taller women.
For example, style elements may be added to give a longer, slimmer look, e.g., vertical stripes, princess seams, short skirts, large patterns or patterns arranged helically around the whole body.
Unfortunately, many modern "petite" sizes are actually re-named half sizes intended for mature women and, as a result, tend to be boxy and unfashionable for younger women.
Designs for taller women may also have style lines that appear to shorten the figure, such as horizontal lines (e.g., clamdigger pants or midcalf skirts); hence, even if the measurements are adjusted correctly, a petite-size version of a regular-size garment may be unflattering.
Petersburg, Alaska
Remnants of fish traps and some petroglyphs have been carbon-dated back some 2,000 years.
His family's homesteads grew into Petersburg which, by 1910 was incorporated and was populated largely by people of Scandinavian origin thus giving Petersburg the nickname "Little Norway".
The cannery, along with three others have operated continuously since their completion.
Petersburg is one of Alaska's major fishing communities.
Peter von Cornelius
The attenuation and want of flexibility of contour in the nude are perhaps most conspicuous in his frescoes of classical subjects in the Glyptothek, especially in that representing the contention for the body of Patroclus. 
Karl Hermann was one of Cornelius's earliest and most esteemed scholars, a man of simple and fervent nature, painstaking to the utmost, a very type of the finest German student nature ; Kaulbach and Adam Eberle were also amongst his scholars. 
Every public edifice in Munich and other German cities which were embellished with frescoes, became, as in Italy, a school of art of the very best kind ; for the decoration of a public building begets a practical knowledge of design. 
In the Pinakothek his sketches and small drawings sufficed; but in the Ludwigskirche the invention even of some of the subjects was entrusted to his scholar Hermann. 
Peter de Honestis
He lived for some years in the Holy Land.
The number of his religious increasing, Peter gave them some statutes grounded on the rule of St. Augustine. 
These were approved by pope Paschal II, and having afterwards been adopted by many other communities of Canons Regular, the Portuensis Congregation was formed. 
By common consent Peter has always been called Blessed. 
Peter Withe
Withe formed a deadly and almost telepathic partnership up front with young starlet Gary Shaw, and he netted 20 times in 36 games to finish joint-top scorer in the league with Tottenham Hotspur's Steve Archibald in that first season as Aston Villa went on to win the Football League title. 
Withe was also the scorer of Villa's winner against Bayern Munich in the European Cup final of 1982, the most important match in the club's history. 
It was his drilled pass that left Withe with the simplest of opportunities (although that description does the Number 9 no justice; only the best strikers find space to have simple opportunities against defences of the quality of Bayern Munich).
Withe, however, maintains there was no luck involved - even if he does admit it wasn't as sweetly-struck as many of the goals that had fired Villa to that final, and the league before it.
Peter Wentworth
The speech was interrupted before its conclusion due to Wentworth's provocative claims, and officials imprisoned him in the the Tower.
"Amongst other, Mr. Speaker, two things do great hurt in this place, of the which I do mean to speak: the one is a rumour which runneth about the house and this it is, "Take heed what you do, the queen's majesty liketh not such a matter.
The other: sometimes a message is brought into the house, either of commanding or inhibiting, very injurious to the freedom of speech and consultation.
I would to God, Mr. Speaker, that these two were buried in hell, I mean rumours and messages, for wicked they undoubtedly are.
Peter Weiss
In 1952 he joined the Swedish Experimental Film Studio, where he made films for several years.
His work consists of short and intense novels with Kafkaesque details and feelings, often with autobiographical background.
One of the most known films made by Peter Weiss is an experimental one, 'The Mirage' (1959) and the second one - it is very seldom mentioned - is a film Weiss directed in Paris 1960 together with Barbro Boman,a film with the title 'Play Girls' or 'The Flamboyant Sex' ('Schwedische Mädchen in Paris' or 'Verlockung' in German). 
The last one was a film about it lately is said in an advertisement "that even Paris was shocked"!
Peter Travers
He is known for his basic writing style that eschews more sophisticated analysis for an easy-to-read and often very opinionated form.
According to , Travers is the nations most blurbed film critic. 
Some of the contemporary directors he is most receptive to based on ratings and placement in year end top-ten lists include Martin Scorsese, David Lynch, Quentin Tarantino, Tim Burton, Clint Eastwood, Joel and Ethan Coen, and Ang Lee.
He has also shown a great deal of disdain for certain directors , most notably Michael Bay and his films. 
Peter Taylor, Baron Taylor of Gosforth
Taylor attracted attention from 1973 when he appeared for the prosecution in several cases connected to the corrupt architect John Poulson, including that of Poulson himself. 
Over the next three years, the prosecutions succeeded and many of those involved were jailed. 
In 1974, Taylor successfully prosecuted Judith Ward who was convicted of a series of IRA bombings (many years later, the conviction was found to have been a miscarriage of justice, mostly through Ward's delusions of her own guilt).
He also prosecuted Stefan Kiszko in July 1976, in what would become one of the most notorious miscarriages of justice in British Law in the 20th Century. 
Peter Taaffe
Grant believed a worldwide slump would arise from the fall of the stock markets.
"From a capitalist point of view at best this will be the worst post-war slump, but it is possible that it will be worse than the slump of 1929-33". 
Militant 30 October 1987 Whilst Grant had the support of Alan Woods and Michael Roberts on this issue, he was opposed by Taaffe, Lynn Walsh, Bob Labi and what was to become the "majority".
Here was first clearly delineated the dividing line that was drawn between the supporters of Grant and Taaffe.
Peter Steele
Steele has also revealed in recent interviews that Type O Negative's split from Roadrunner Records, aside from a poor offer, had to do with an allegedly unauthorized release of a 'Best Of' compilation. 
Additionally, he later revealed on MTV's 'Headbangers Ball' that the new alliance with SPV Records is probably his favorite thing about 'Dead Again' from a production standpoint. 
In April 2007, Steele revealed that he began identifying himself as Roman Catholic in recent years, after decades of self-professed atheism.
But after going through a midlife crisis and having many things change very quickly, it made me realize my mortality. 
I also can’t believe that people like Stalin and Hitler are gonna go to the same place as Mother Teresa.”
Peter Schjeldahl
Schjeldahl’s poetry often addresses common experiences or familiar events in a way which grounds his work and accentuates his messages.
As an art critic and as a poet Schjeldahl’s main ambition has been seeded in his desire to help people enjoy art.
In the same interview with Blackbird Schjeldahl stated how “'writing things that people want to read is my bread and butter'” (Wolgamott).
Schjeldahl’s lasting influence comes from his ability to write poetry and criticize art in the late twentieth century where most audiences have tended to stray away from the arts in favor of more commercialized entertainment. 
Peter Rochegune Munch
A point of lasting controversy about P. Munch is a visit he allegedly paid to the German town of Rostock just a few weeks before the German occupation. 
During this visit he would have met with several Nazi dignitaries , Heinrich Himmler among them. 
According to the myth , Munch had been warned in advance about the German intentions towards Denmark, and had agreed to making the occupation happen as peacefully as possible. 
This would supposedly account for the limited Danish response on April 9 1940, and Munch's own willingness to surrender once the invasion was under way. 
Peter Robbins (actor)
'Peter Robbins' (born August 10, 1956 in Los Angeles, California) is a former child actor best known for his voice-over work as Charlie Brown in the 1960s.
He provided Charlie Brown's voice in several 'Peanuts' television specials and film from 1965 to 1969. 
His best-known catch-phrase probably was the plaintive, "I got a rock", from the trick-or-treating scenes in 'Great Pumpkin'. 
" first used in 'It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown' can be heard in the later specials by either Charlie Brown or the other kids.
Peter Rasmussen (badminton player)
Peter claims that the reason why he was so successful on the badminton court was because of his studies of Bushido, an ancient Japanese philosophy and his mentor, Miyamoto Musashi, a great samurai.
Legend claims that he killed his first opponent at age 14 in one of the 60 duels he fought over his lifetime. 
It is said that he was never defeated, both in single combat and during the 6 wars, in which he took part. 
At age 35, Musashi sheathed his sword to become a mentor, an artist and finally a writer, who penned one of Japan’s most influential pieces of literature – “The Book of the Five Rings.” 
Peter Pelham
Though various dates for his emigration have been suggested , the record of Peter Pelham's activities at Boston is well established. 
Portraits of several other New England clergymen followed. 
Pelham was seemingly intimate with John Smibert, who settled in Boston in 1730, for he painted Smibert's portrait and made several engravings after Smibert's works. 
Such professional labors did not produce a sufficient living for an ever-growing family, and Pelham opened a school at which he taught dancing, arithmetic, and other subjects.
Peter Pan's Flight
The ship leaves the load area and winds through the Darlings' nursery, passing Nana the Nursemaid next to some toy blocks, the Darlings (Wendy, Michael and John) in bed and Peter Pan's shadow on the wall.
Below the ships are various miniature versions of London's famous landmarks: St. Paul's Cathedral, Big Ben, the Tower Bridge and the River Thames.
Then, going past "the second star to the right and straight on 'til morning," the flying ships reach Neverland, where the guests go past some of its landmarks , including the Indian village, a glowing volcano, Mermaid Lagoon and Skull Rock. 
It is here that the guests encounter some of Neverland's most famous residents , including Princess Tiger Lily, Mr. Smee, the Crocodile and Peter's arch rival, Captain Hook (in addition to Peter and the Darlings). 
Peter Monamy
At present it can only be conjectured what Monamy’s whereabouts may have been during the years between about 1714 and 1720. 
It is not impossible , however, that he spent some time in Cork, Ireland, which at this time was a hive of activity for English, and particularly Huguenot, craftsmen. 
Charles Brooking, father of the highly regarded marine painter, also named Charles (1723-1759), has left a record of his presence in Ireland; and William van der Hagen, another painter-decorator, and occasional marine painter, is also associated with the city of Cork.
During these years it may reasonably be conjectured that another daughter, Mary, would have been born to Peter and Hannah. 
Peter Lavrovich Lavrov
Despite Lavrov’s historical analysis, he still believed a socialist revolution was possible in Russia.
In other words, he believed that Russia would have to wait for the same historical development experienced by the West.
Lavrov rejected this outlook, believing it possible to create socialism by basing revolutionary tactics on Russia’s individual history. 
Almost 90 percent of Russia’s population were peasants, and there was also the intelligentsia: a unique bunch of people without any class affiliations, who, “unlike other elements of Russian society, were unflawed by the past.”
Peter Jones (missionary)
Returning to the Credit Mission, Jones believed the most pressing issue for the Mississaugas was their lack of a clear title to their land.
The settlement had established successful farms, and was almost self-sufficient.
The Credit Mississaugas believed this to be their best chance to obtain deeds to land, and so the band prepared for a move.
Jones would continue in his role as a community leader here, petitioning various branches of government for funding to build the settlement.
Peter Jan Beckx
By giving classes to children in his own house, building a little church and organizing spiritual activities he brought many people back to the Catholic faith.
After the death of the duke (1830) he went to live in Vienna, where he was the only Jesuit for many years.
His powerful sermons gave him fame and Jan Roothaan, the Superior General, often asked him to negotiate on his behalf the foundation of Jesuit schools: Graz, Innsbruck, Linz.
After teaching for a few years Canon Law at the Roman College in Rome (1842) he was sent to Belgium (1848) and was appointed Rector of the Jesuit theologate in Leuven (in 1850).
Peter IV of Bulgaria
This descent is most likely nothing more than a legitimizing fiction. 
The "Vlachian" origin of the brothers attested in the sources may simply confirm what is already known, that they lived in Moesia.
This is a likely option, as large numbers of Cumans had settled in Moesia in the 12th century, and continued to do so in the 13th.
If that is correct, then the nationalist controversy becomes obsolete, as the Cumans are an extinct people, which is neither Bulgarian nor Romanian, and has intermixed with both.
Peter Hugh McGregor Ellis
He did not speak with the children's parents, some of whom regularly visited the Civic Creche.
Eichelbaum did not seek advice from academics within New Zealand universities when appointing experts for his inquiry.
The only people with whom Eichelbaum discussed the matter of the selection of the experts were Justice Ministry officials and Thomas Lyon, a USA law professor.
In 1999 Lyon criticised the direction and relevance of research undertaken by experts nominated by Ellis's counsel.
Peter Hugh McGregor Ellis
At least two of the children repeated claims that many adults had been involved in the abuse of children.
Spike, Boulderhead, Yuckhead, Stupidhead and other names were mentioned.
He said his mother had been told by other parents what Ellis had done to him.
The other interviewers denied coaching the children prior to their interviews.
Peter Howson
His work has encompassed a number of themes.
His early works are typified by very masculine working class men, most famously in 'The Heroic Dosser' (1987). 
Here he produced some of his most shocking and controversial work detailing the atrocities which were taking place at the time. 
One painting in particular 'Croatian and Muslim', detailing a rape created controversy partly because of its explicit subject matter but also because Howson had painted it from the accounts of its victims rather than witnessing it firsthand.
Much of his work cast stereotypes on the lower social groups; he portrayed brawls including drunken, even physically deformed men and women.
Peter Hitchens
He maintains that supporters of Darwinism often mistake adaptation of existing species for a far more ambitious process required for evolution. 
He therefore contends that the theory of evolution is wholly unlike other scientific theories with which it is often compared. 
He regularly likens belief in evolution to religious faith, on the basis that religious claims also cannot be tested and similarly have their origins not in certain knowledge, but rather in the preferences of the believer.
In support of his scepticism he cites Karl Popper's remarks on the scientific status of evolution, in which Popper confesses to being disturbed by the apparent tautology of the theory of natural selection.
Peter Hall (urbanist)
Hall has devoted his studies to examining the world’s cities from every angle – economic, demographic, cultural and managerial.
He has written and edited nearly 40 books, some of them translated into many languages. 
The research encompassed was ahead of its time; it is only since the mid-1980s that world cities became a major school of urban research.
Of his writings devoted to contemporary problems of urban planning in Britain, Europe and the USA, the best known is 'The Containment of Urban England' (1973), an analysis of the British town and country planning system, based on a formidable amount of statistical research. 
Peter H. Wood
Wood also explained why the Gullah people have preserved so much more of their African cultural heritage than any other black community in the U.S.
The slave ships coming from Africa brought mosquitos which spread malaria and yellow fever in the semi-tropical "low country" region bordering the South Carolina coast.
Wood showed that the Africans were more resistant to these tropical fevers than the white colonists which resulted in a "black majority" in South Carolina by about 1708.
The slaves in the low country had much less contact with whites than those in colder areas such as Virginia or North Carolina where whites were in the majority.
Before Wood conceived his "black majority" argument, the origin of Gullah culture was not well understood.
Peter Gill (playwright)
Writing for The Sunday Times, theatre critic Bernard Levin said: "It is good to salute the opening of a new theatre; it is thrice good to be able to do so with almost unqualified praise for its first production.
At the Riverside Studios, Peter Gill (who is in charge of the whole enterprise) has directed 'The Cherry Orchard' with a cast so astonishingly suitable that I began, hallucinatorily, to believe that they had been assembled first, and that Chekhov had then written the play round them.
What is more, they are achieving this effect on an impossible stage; it is seventy-five feet wide (the players have to sprint, never mind run, if they are to get off at all), absurdly shallow, and lacking even the most rudimentary trappings in the way of flies, a thrust or even wings....
Mr Gill and his cast have sought success in the only place it can be found: inside themselves and the play.
The effect is magical ; 'The Cherry Orchard' has almost never, in my experience, been at once so harrowing and so glittering; nor its fragile rhythms so finely, surely spun, its development so natural, human and real."' 
Peter Georg Niger
Niger ranks among the most eminent theologians and preachers of the latter half of the fifteenth century. 
In his few theological works he limits himself almost entirely to the discussion of abstract questions of logic and psychology.
He devoted most of his time to preaching to the Jews.
Both works are furnished with appendices giving the Hebrew alphabet in Hebrew and Latin type, rules of grammar and for reading Hebrew, the Decalogue in Hebrew, some Messianic texts from the Old Testament, etc.
They are among the earliest specimens of Hebrew printing in Germany, and the first attempt at Hebrew grammar in that country by a Christian scholar.
Peter Evans (swimmer)
Kerry led off in a faster time than he had clocked in the individual event, but it was still two seconds slower than his personal best time of 57.87 s, leaving Australia in fourth place at the end of the first leg.
Evans then swam a personal best of 63.01 s, leaving Australia almost level with the host nation at the halfway mark.
Tonelli then swam his leg in 54.94 s, almost two seconds faster than he had done over the distance.
Brooks then made a powerful, well-timed dive and surfaced almost even with his Soviet counterpart.
Peter Drucker
"The best way to predict the future is to create it.
From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.”
“People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. 
People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.” 
“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said.”
“The purpose of business is to create and keep a customer.”
“There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.”
“When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.”
"Rank does not confer privilege or give power.
"
"Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done."
Peter Dodson
'Peter Dodson' is an American paleontologist who has published many papers and written and collaborated on books about dinosaurs. 
Dodson described 'Avaceratops' in 1986; "Suuwassea emilieae" in 2004, and many others. 
An authority on Ceratopsians, he has also authored several papers and textbooks on hadrosaurs and sauropods. 
In 2001, two former students named an ancient frog species, 'Nezpercius dodsoni', after him (as well as after the Native American Nez Perce people).
Peter David
However, during this time he made some cursory attempts to sell stories, including submission of some Moon Knight plots to Denny O’Neill, but his efforts were unfruitful.
Although crossing over from sales into editorial was considered a conflict of interest in the Marvel offices, Owsley, whom David describes as a "maverick", was impressed with how David had not previously hesitated to work with him when Owsley was an assistant editor under Larry Hama, and thus, when he became an editor, he purchased a Spider-Man story from David, which appeared in 'Spectacular Spider-Man' #103 in 1985.
Although David attributes the story's poor sales to this decision, such crossing over from Sales to Editorial is now common.
Nonetheless, he was fired from 'Spectacular Spider-Man' by Owsley due to editorial pressure by Marvel's Editor-in-Chief Jim Shooter, and David has commented that the resentment stirred by Owsley's purchase of his stories may have permanently damaged Owsley's career.
Peter Chen
Today it is very likely to find at least one chapter on the ER Model when a person randomly picks up a textbook on information system design or databases.
It is also very likely to attend a class on Information Management and see that the ER Model is being taught there.
In other universities , the ER Model is also taught in a variety of colleges and departments. 
There are other college courses covering the ER Model as well. 
Peter Chen
Dr. Peter Chen's original paper is one of the most cited papers in the computer software field.
Based on one particular citation database, Chen's paper is the 35th most cited article in Computer Science.
It is the 4th most downloaded paper from the in January 2005 even though the paper was published 30 years ago.
Recently, according to a survey of 1,000 computer science college professors, Dr. Chen was honored by the selection of his original ER model paper as one of the 38 most influential papers in Computer Science.
Peter Carl Fabergé
Although the House of Fabergé is famed for its Imperial Easter Eggs, it made many more objects ranging from silver tableware to fine jewelry.
It produced some 150,000 to 200,000 objects from 1882 until 1917. 
In 1900 his work represented Russia at the 1900 World’s Fair in Paris.
As Carl Fabergé was a member of the Jury the House of Fabergé therefore exhibited 'hors concours' (without competing).
Additionally, Carl Fabergé was decorated with the most prestigious of French awards – he was appointed a Knight of the Legion of Honour.
Commercially the exposition was a great success and the firm acquired a great many orders and clients. 
Peter Breinholt
Breinholt's live album, "Live September", was recorded over three nights at the Sundance Amphitheater in the Utah mountains just a few days after the September 11, 2001 attacks.
The album has become one of his most popular recordings. 
Peter has also performed his music with several symphony orchestras and choirs. 
On New Year's Eve 2006, Peter appeared as a featured guest with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in an event broadcast worldwide.
Peter Bone
In the 2001 general election he fought the ultra marginal of Wellingborough, where the sitting Labour MP Paul Stinchcombe was holding on with a majority of just 187, having defeated the veteran Tory MP Peter Fry in 1997.
It was another close fight in Wellingborough, and Stinchcombe held on to his seat by 2,355.
However, four years later, in the 2005 general election, Bone ousted Stinchcombe in Wellingborough with a majority of 687 votes.
Bone is regularly one of the ten most active MPs in Parliament, in terms of Questions asked and other contributions. 
Peter Abrahams
Whilst in London, he met several important black leaders and writers , such as Jomo Kenyatta. 
One of South Africa's most prominent black writers, his work deals with political and social issues, especially with racism. 
His other works include the story collection 'Dark Testament' (1942) and the novels 'The Path of Thunder' (1948), 'A Wreath for Udomo' (1956), 'A Night of Their Own' (1965), the Jamaica-set 'This Island Now' (1966, the only one of his novels not set in Africa) and 'The View from Coyaba' (1985).
He also wrote 'This Island Now', which speaks to the ways power and money can change most people's perspectives.
Pete Wilson
Wilson was known as a fiscal conservative who supported the Proposition 13 while Brown opposed it.
The election was expected to be close, with Brown holding a slim lead in most of the polls leading up to Election Day.
Finally, President Ronald Reagan made a number of visits to California late in the race to campaign for Wilson.
A major factor may also have been a late influx of the Armenian vote in the California Governor's race between George Deukmejian and Tom Bradley. 
Pete Townshend
Between 1969 and 1971 Townshend, along with other devotees to Meher Baba, recorded a trio of albums devoted to the yogi's teachings: 'Happy Birthday', 'I Am', and 'With Love'.
In response to bootlegging of these, he compiled his personal highlights (and "Evolution", a collaboration with Ronnie Lane), and released his first major-label solo title, 1972's 'Who Came First'.
This release was followed in 1982 by 'All the Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes', which included the popular radio track "Slit Skirts".
Through the rest of the 1980s and early 1990s Townshend would again experiment with the rock opera and related formats, releasing several story-based albums including 'White City: A Novel' (1985), 'The Iron Man: A Musical' (1989), and 'Psychoderelict' (1993).
Townshend also got the chance to play with his hero Hank Marvin for Paul McCartney's "Rockestra" sessions, along with other respected rock musicians such as David Gilmour, John Bonham and Ronnie Lane.
Pete Sears
During the 1970s and early eighties he would perform a ten minute bass solo regardless of the size of the venue, even when playing to a 100,000 people in New York City’s Central Park in 1976.
Singer Grace Slick left the band after her non-appearance caused a riot in Germany in 1978; within months drummer John Barbata was severely injured in a car crash and the band's other singer, Marty Balin, also left.
With Slick gone, Sears' wife Jeanette Sears became one of the principal lyricists, and the pair together wrote some of the band's best-known songs, such as "Stranger", "Save Your Love", and "Winds of Change".
He played only bass on the double-platinum 1985 album 'Knee Deep in the Hoopla' but left the group in 1987 due to an intense disagreement over the direction the band’s music had taken over the past several years, especially the decision to have no political or controversial content in the lyrics.
Pete Rock
The aforementioned "Reminisce..." withstanding, Rock used many jazz samples on his album 'Mecca and The Soul Brother', such as Cannonball Adderley's "Country Preacher", for the song "Return of the Mecca", or "Capricorn" for the song "In the House" from 'The Main Ingredient'.
Pete Rock's heavy use of intro and outro beats has also been widely influential. 
To introduce feature songs, he often plays a short instrumental excerpt, completely different from the rest of the song.
Aside from their role as transitions, these are widely regarded as a way of displaying his large collection and as a challenge to other hip-hop producers to identify the records that the breaks come from. 
Pete Panto
Pete Panto was the leader of a revolt against Joseph P. Ryan and his colleagues, many of them allegedly mafia, who ran the International Longshoremen's Association [ILA]. 
This was a serious threat to Ryan, Anastasia, and other corrupt officials.
Albert Anastasia was suspected of ordering the execution but Abe Reles, the chief witness, died in 1941 while supposedly trying to escape from custodies.
Panto's murder was allegedly carried out by Mendy Weiss of Murder Inc. 
Although Anastasia and Weiss were never indicted, Weiss would receive the electric chair in 1944 for a separate murder, whereas Anastasia was murdered by rival mobsters in 1957.
Pete Mitchell
Pete has appeared on Sky News, Channel 4 ’s Top 100 Albums, Channel 5 ’s Top 100 Singles, ITV’s Madonna special, Eggheads for the BBC, Sky One ’s Hidden Secrets, Pete & Geoff’s Top 9’s for VH1 and The Royle Family for Granada / BBC - to name but a few.
Pete has written regularly for the Manchester Evening News and often contributes for 'Daily Star'.
During his career he has guest written for some of the UK’s most influential music magazines. 
A love of alternative music, along with a passion for funk, soul and Motown has led to various high profile appearances as a club DJ.
Pete Hornberger
Liz often confides in Pete and, at times, he seems to be the only competent person that she works with and the one who will tell it to her straight when it comes to managing her personal life. 
Much like Liz, Pete generally plays straight man to the other characters, especially to Liz when she is temporarily pushed over the edge. 
Therefore, his role on the show is often limited, though he was prominently featured in the "B story" of the episode "Black Tie."
Most often , he is utilized as a vehicle for receiving exposition in place of the audience. 
Pete Hoffman
As he said in a later interview (Karlen), "Hopefully, some of Allen Saunders' expertise rubbed off on me when I worked on 'Steve Roper'." 
(It actually made him more popular.)
On the other hand, Hoffman's 'Jeff Cobb' developed a greater range of expression and a more mature level of fine-line photorealism than his Roper.
Like Saunders, he also emphasized characterization in plot development (ibid), and said he never ran out of ideas: the well-written stories were inspired by newspaper articles he read, and characters were often based on real people (Karlen).
Pete Henry
Statistics for kicks were imprecise at best during that time, however one accurate statistic was that of a 45 yard drop kick field goal kicked by Henry on December 10, 1922.
Many claimed that both Jim Thorpe and Paddy Driscoll had beaten that record, both supposedly drop kicking field goals at 50 yards. 
Driscoll was alleged to have kicked two from 50 yards in one game on September 28, 1924. 
However, these claims could not be supported by any varifiable records.
Pete Candoli
His younger brother, Conte, achieved an arguably stronger critical reputation. 
They often worked together in anonymous recording gigs and in several joint albums on minor labels.
Pete did not shine noticeably in these efforts, possibly because he adjusted to Conte's rather different and more conventional solo trumpet style. 
In particular, Pete almost never showed his extended range in any joint performance with his brother.
Pet skunk
Skunks can be infested with roundworms for several weeks before eggs begin to be shed in feces.
It is common for new skunks to have roundworms, which may be too early in development to be detected by fecal tests.
Skunk experts agree that all new skunks need to be treated for roundworms, and that more than one treatment is needed.
Diagnostic Parasitologist Matt Bolek recommends that "A deworming program should probably start at 7-8 weeks of age and deworm biweekly for 3-4 treatments". 
Pet
Effects of pets on their caregiver's health
Health benefits
Pets have the ability to stimulate their caregivers, in particular the elderly, giving people someone to take care of, someone to exercise with, and someone to help them heal from a physically or psychologically troubled past.
Polk Library, UW Oshkosh Having a pet may help people achieve health goals, such as lowered blood pressure, or mental goals, such as decreased stress.
In a study of 92 people hospitalized for coronary ailments, within a year 11 of the 29 without pets had died, compared to only 3 of the 52 who had pets.
Dogs which are trained to be guide dogs can help people with disabilities.
Pests and diseases of roses
'Herbicide Damage'
– Overspray or soil leaching of herbicidal sprays can present with several symptoms : 
:Prolonged exposure to overspray of 'glyphosate'will cause yellow leaves and new leaves will be small and elongated.
Hormone weed sprays (e.g. 24-D & 245-T) may cause grotesque new growth with thin twisted leaves and distorted buds.
Plants may die in severe cases.
Effects of soil borne herbicide may take several years to clear.
Pesniary
Pesniary was the best-known Soviet group coming from the Belorussian SSR. 
It was one of the very few (and possibly the first) Soviet bands to tour in America in 1976. 
They've toured the South of the USA together with a folk band New Christy Minstrels. 1974-1980 is considered the Golden Age era of the band when it achieved top popularity in the USSR, in Eastern Europe and in other countries. 
Among their best known song are "Kasiu Jas Kaniushynu" , "Belovezhskaya Pushcha", "Belorussia" and "Alesia".
Pesero
Currently peseros travel fixed routes, being able to pick up or drop off passengers anywhere through the route (a major source of traffic problems and annoyance due to the sudden and unexpected stops).
The fees are according to distance traveled: from MXN $2.50 for a trip of up to 5 km, MXN $3.00 for a 5-to-12 km trip, and MXN $4.00 for a trip of 12 km or more
(Prices went up.50 MXN as of august 1st 2008 and are now $3.00, $3.50 and $4.50 MXN respectively.)
Routes usually begin in metro stations and end in outlying neighborhoods of the city or sometimes even in municipalities in Mexico State.
The terminal station of a metro line usually functions as a transport hub and may be served by tens of different pesero routes.
In addition, every major avenue in the city is served by at least one pesero route.
Pervious concrete
A pervious concrete pavement may be placed with either fixed forms or slip-form paver.
Strike off may be by vibratory or manual screeds, though vibratory screens are preferable.
Excessive pressure when rolling should be avoided as it may cause the voids to collapse.
Perverted-Justice
Criminal defense attorney Angelyn Gates of Chase Criminal Defense Attorneys raises concern that citizen groups are not subject to the same standards as trained law enforcement officials.
She notes that laws are designed to keep police officers from violating citizens' rights, and that the same rules don't apply to citizens who may be violating other citizens' rights.
Detective Mike Burns of Darke County asserts that PJ sets stricter criteria for arrest than many law enforcement agencies. 
He does however concede, "Sometimes it was a fine line, but they provided us with 140 people they were chatting with after 10 days with possibilities of showing up for a meeting.
Peruvian cuisine
There are a number of versions of Cau-Cau. 
The other common version is the "Italian" style.
Some chefs add a few tablespoons of wine or pisco following the sautee step.
These recipes may have African and Chinese influence as well as Italian. 
Peruvian Army
After the War of Independence the strong position of the Army and the lack of solid political institutions meant that every Peruvian president until 1872 held some military rank.
The 'Ejército del Perú' also had a major role in the definition of national borders by participating in several wars against neighbor countries. 
The consequent lack of military preparedness combined with bad leadership were major causes of Peru's defeat against Chile in the War of the Pacific (1879-1883).
A major turning point in this process was the arrival in 1896 of a French Military Mission contracted by president Nicolás de Piérola.
Peru national football team
In the 1900s, due to the construction of the Panama Canal, the port of Callao was no longer flooded with the several foreign sailors and travelers that had at one point made the port a center of cultural diffusion.
By then, football clubs and leagues had sprouted in other Peruvian cities, including Lima, Cusco, and Arequipa.
However, the most important amateur league (the Peruvian Football League) remained in the capital province, where rivalries arose between the Callao clubs, and those from the nearby capital of Lima. 
The lack of a centralized organization often led to conflicts between the teams, and one such conflict resulted in the creation of the Peruvian Football Federation in 1922, along with a new Peruvian Football League tournament under the regulation of said organization in 1926.
Perth Glory FC
The attacking 5-3-2, which saw almost as many goals conceded as scored, was replaced with a 4-4-2.
Some may argue that the team began to play a less attractive form of the game, but nobody could argue with the results. 
In 2001/2, the team nearly went the entire season undefeated with a side that only had former Adelaide City midfielder Brad Hassell as a major addition. 
After scraping through in the second leg of the major semi final against Newcastle, Glory faced Sydney Olympic in the grand final at a sold out Subiaco Oval.
Personalized medicine
Currently, much of medical practice is based on standards of care based on epidemiologic studies of large cohorts.
However, results from large population-based studies are not always applicable to the individual, and physicians generally take into account specific characteristics, such as age, gender, height/weight, diet, and environment, when evaluating an individual patient. 
Recent developments in a number of molecular profiling technologies, including proteomic profiling, metabolomic analysis, and genomic/genetic testing allow the development of "Personalized Medicine" and Predictive Medicine, which is the combination of comprehensive molecular testing with proactive, personalized preventive medicine.
However, it is questioned whether personalized medicine represents a true departure from current medical practice, or whether it is an evolutionary transition based on the latest technology. 
Personality type
The term "type" has not been used consistently in psychology and has become the source of some confusion. 
Furthermore, because personality test scores usually fall on a bell curve rather than in distinct categories, personality type theories have received considerable criticism among psychometric researchers. 
Most researchers now believe that it is impossible to explain the diversity of human personality with a small number of discrete types. 
Personality psychology
Trait models have been criticized as being purely descriptive and offering little explanation of the underlying causes of personality. 
Eysenck's theory, however, does propose biological mechanisms as driving traits, and modern behavior genetics researchers have shown a clear genetic substrate to them.
Another potential weakness of trait theories is that they lead people to accept oversimplified classifications, or worse offer advice, based on a superficial analysis of their personality.
Finally, trait models often underestimate the effect of specific situations on people's behavior.
Personality psychology
Maslow spent much of his time studying what he called "self-actualizing persons", those who are "fulfilling themselves and doing the best they are capable of doing".
Many of these people demonstrate a trend in dimensions of their personalities. 
These individuals often experienced a "peak experience". 
Intense concentration on an activity one is involved in, such as running a marathon, may invoke a peak experience.
# 'Reality and problem centered' - they have tendency to be concerned with "problems" in their surroundings.
# 'Acceptance/Spontaneity' - they accept their surroundings and what cannot be changed.
# 'Unhostile sense of humor/democratic' - they do not like joking about others, which can be viewed as offensive.
Personality Assessment Inventory
The PAI has a number of strengths for applied psychological assessment. 
Second, it is relatively economical, assessing most of the constructs that are widely considered important in clinical personality assessment with 344 items. 
The first sample consists of 1,000 people with similar demographic characteristics (e.g., age, gender, ethnicity) to the U.S. Census data.
Comparison with this group helps assess the severity of psychopathology among other patients.
Personal health record
The PHR is an ill-defined concept that has been developing over several years. 
The term has been applied to both paper-based and computerized systems; however, current usage usually implies an electronic resource.
In recent years, several formal definitions of the term have been proposed by various organizations. 
Although each definition is unique, most of the definitions agree that the PHR is a computerized application that stores an individual's personal health information.
Personal health record
PHR programs are structured in the same basic way a consumer credit report is structured, in that consumers may obtain a PHR from various sponsoring organizations.
The direct-to-consumer PHRs often require the consumer to pay a fee for registering a new account.
Frequently, these hospital-based PHRs are integrated with other information systems owned by the health care delivery organization such as its EHR or laboratory information systems.
Recently, PHRs are being offered to people by employers and health insurance companies, however it is unclear if the PHR is transportable or transferable if a person switches jobs or insurance companies. 
Personal finance
A major risk to the household in achieving their accumulation goal is the rate of price increases over time, or inflation.
Using net present value calculators, the financial planner will suggest a combination of asset earmarking and regular savings to be invested in a variety of investments.
In order to overcome the rate of inflation, the investment portfolio has to get a higher rate of return, which typically will subject the portfolio to a number of risks. 
Managing these portfolio risks is most often accomplished using asset allocation, which seeks to diversify investment risk and opportunity. 
Personal Jukebox
The PJB's LCD has a resolution of 128×64 pixels (2:1 ratio) at a diameter of 3 inches (7.62 mm). Later versions of the PJB also featured a backlit display (the backlight comes on when the unit is powered on, or a button is pressed and turns off automatically after a few seconds).
The character set the PJB uses internally is Latin-1 (ISO-8859-1), with some minor variations. 
One of the Compaq developers stated that "it's missing some of the symbols in the range 160 to 255 (because I got bored when I was creating them :-). 
There are some strange glyphs in the range 0 to 31, used for the various symbols on the screen." 
Perso-Parthian bow
The 'Perso-Parthian bow' is a symmetric recurve composite bow made of ibex horn (or for low quality bows, ox horn); a variety of wood cores; gazelle, deer, or ox sinews; and usually hide glue.
The "arms" of the bow are supposed to cross each other.
The finished bow is then covered by bark, fine leather, or in some cases shark skin and laminated to keep out moisture.
Traditionally , ox tendons are considered inferior to wild game sinews since they have a higher fat content, leading to spoilage. 
Persimmon pudding
The pudding is often served with ice cream, creme anglaise, whipped cream, apple sauce, or brandy butter.
It is best served warm, although it can be served cold as well.
Persimmon pudding lasts quite a while when refrigerated, and may be made in large batches to be served over the course of several days.
As the pudding ages the various individual flavors mellow and blend together.
Persillade
The simplicity of the basic combination invites variations, either by adding other ingredients or substituting other herbs, e.g. bay leaf, oregano, basil or tarragon for the parsley.
Anchovy is a common addition in Provençal cooking.
A small amount of olive oil is often added to persillade to make it easier to work with.
Adding more olive oil and perhaps some grated Parmesan produces Pistou. 
Persil Power
Unilever decided that the catalysing agents would be an ideal addition to the product, but had worries over such a major alteration to the formula of one of their main products (a high profile example of this being New Coke, with a more direct example being in the late 1980s when one of Persil's competitors, Daz, introduced a new formula that also increased cleaning performance, but caused allergic reactions in a small but noticeable percentage of the population ). 
To this end they decided to split the catalyst agent (together with some fabric softening agents ) into a new product, Persil Power. 
Some believe that, had Power been successful, Unilever would have created a unified version of Persil with the catalysing agents. 
Power was launched with a large publicity campaign, but a number of problems soon became apparent. 
Persian theatre
There are two people involved in the performance: a musical performer and a person called 'morshed'.
The method of performance, its characters and the techniques used in writing the puppet show make it unique and distinguish it from other types of puppetry.
Puppetry is still very common in Iran.
Rostam and Sohrab puppet opera is an example of the most notable performance in modern day Iran. 
Persian grammar
Persian nouns mark with an accusative marker only for the specific accusative case; the other oblique cases are marked by prepositions.
Possession is expressed by special markers: if the possessor appears in the sentence after the thing possessed, the 'ezafe' may be used; otherwise, alternatively, a pronominal genitive enclitic is employed.
Inanimate nouns pluralize with '-ha', while animate nouns generally pluralize with '-an', although '-ha' is also common.
Special rules exist for some nouns borrowed from Arabic.
Persian Jews
Öljeitü, Ghazan Khan's successor, destroyed many synagogues and decreed that Jews had to wear a distinctive mark on their heads; Christians endured similar persecutions.
Under pressure, some Jews converted to Islam.
The most famous such convert was Rashid al-Din, a physician, historian and statesman, who adopted Islam in order to advance his career at Öljeitü's court. 
However, in 1318 he was executed on fake charges of poisoning Öljeitü and for several days crowds had been carrying his head around his native city of Tabriz, chanting "This is the head of the Jew who abused the name of God; may God's curse be upon him!"
Persian Jews
The U.S. State Department has made claims of discrimination against Iranian Jews.
According to its study, Jews may not occupy senior positions in government and are prevented from serving in the judiciary and security services and from becoming public school heads.
The study says that Jewish citizens are permitted to obtain passports and to travel outside the country, but they often are denied the multiple-exit permits normally issued to other citizens.
The Association of Tehrani Jews said in a statement, "We Iranian Jews condemn claims of the US State Department on Iranian religious minorities, announced that we are fully free to perform our religious duties and we feel no restriction on performing our religious rituals."
Perseus (spy)
'Perseus' was the codename of a possible Soviet spy alleged to have breached U.S. national security at Los Alamos during the Manhattan project. 
Evidence for his or her existence is based on a few references in KGB archives opened (and later closed) to researchers in the early 1990s, after the fall of the Soviet Union.
There are also a few references to Perseus in the VENONA decrypts as PERS.
The identity of this person, or even whether or not they actually existed, is unknown, and many of the facts in the matter are questionable. 
Perseus (constellation)
These two open clusters (NGC 869 and NGC 884 respectively) belong to the most beautiful objects of the night sky for binoculars and small telescopes. 
Both lie at distances of more than 7,000 ly and are separated by several hundred light-years.
M34: This open cluster with an apparent brightness of 5.5m lies at a distance of approximately 1,400 ly and consists of about 100 stars that are scattered over an area larger than that of the full moon.
M 34 can be resolved even with good binoculars but is best viewed using a telescope at low magnifications.
Persecution of religion in ancient Rome
Whilst "Paganism, with Theodosius dies, never to rise again", according to a Christian historian committed pagans continued, wherever possible, to practice their faith discreetly or under cloak of common festivals and by keeping within the letter of the law if not its spirit, more commonly in the countryside, hence they are called "rustics - the pagani".
Upon the death of Theodosius, in 395, the Empire was divided between his two incompetent sons.
Political crisis ensued; over the next several decades, the defence of the Empire gradually collapsed.
During this prolonged disaster, some Christians became less certain of their religion and converted back to the old religion. 
Pagans blamed the Christians for the disasters affecting the empire.
Eunapius reflects some of the Pagan attitudes of this period in his writings. 
Despite the pleas of many Pagans for tolerance, Honorius and Arcadius continued the work of their father by enacting even more anti-Pagan laws to stop any revival of Paganism. 
The fact that they had to keep repeating their threats by the enactment of numerous laws against the practice of Paganism indicates that their efforts did not succeed in stamping out the old religion, which continued to be practiced discreetly.
During the early part of the reign of Honorius, Stilicho was able to exercise unlimited power over the west.
In the year 395, Arcadius declared that the solemn days of the Pagans were no longer to be included in the number of holidays.
In the same year, another law was passed by Arcadius that prohibited anyone from going to a Pagan sanctuary or temple or of celebrating any kind of Pagan sacrifice.
This law seems to have been targeted at those Christians who were converting back to Paganism as it specifically mentions "those who are trying to stray from the dogma of the Catholic faith." 
In the year 396, the privileges of Pagan priests and other clerics were officially revoked.
In the same year, Arcadius ordered that Pagan temples standing in the country were to be destroyed without disorder or riot such that they could not be used for religious rites away from gaze of the authorities.
The large number of Pagans in the east also seems to have forced Arcadius into allowing the ancient festivals and public games to continue but without religious rites that formed an essential part of the old religion. 
Persecution of Hindus
The growing Islamization in Malaysia is a cause for concern to many Malaysians who follow minority religions such as Hinduism.,
The "Hindu Rights Action Force", a coalition of several NGO's , have protested these demolitions by lodging complaints with the Malaysian Prime Minister. 
Many Hindu advocacy groups have protested what they allege is a systematic plan of temple cleansing in Malaysia. 
However, several of the temples are centuries old., 
Persecution of Christians
The New Testament goes on to say that Paul was himself imprisoned on several occasions by the Roman authorities, stoned by Pharisees and left for dead on one occasion, and was eventually taken as a prisoner to Rome.
Peter and others were also imprisoned, beaten and generally harassed.
Because of severe persecution in Jerusalem, most of the Nazarenes were forced to leave.
James was said to have been put to death around that time. 
Persecution of Christians
Incidents of violence against Christians have occurred in many parts of India. 
The Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), the Bajrang Dal, and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) are the most responsible organizations for violence against Christians. 
These organizations, often referred to collectively under the name of their umbrella organization, the Sangh Parivar, and local media were involved in promoting anti-Christian propaganda in Gujarat.
These claims have been disputed by Christians a belief described as mythical and propaganda by Sangh Parivar; the Parivar objects in any case to all conversions as a "threat to national unity". 
Persecution
Historically, this has been due to two causes: the German population were considered , whether factually or not , linked with German nationalist regimes such as those of the Nazis or Kaiser Wilhelm. 
While many victims of these persecutions did not, in fact, have any connection to those regimes, cooperation between German minority organisations and Nazi regime did occur, as the example of Selbstschutz shows, which is still used as a pretense of hostilities against those who did not take part in such organisations.
After World War II, many such Volksdeutsche were killed or driven from their homes in acts of vengeance, others in ethnic cleansing of territories prior to populating them with citizens of the annexing country. 
In other cases (e.g. in the case of the formerly large German-speaking populations of Russia, Estonia, or the Transylvanian (Siebenbürgen) German minority in Rumania and the Balkans) such persecution was a crime committed against innocent communities who had played no part in the Third Reich.
Persatuan Gerak Badan
Later, Suhu Almarhum studied under several other martial arts masters who came to live with his uncle during times of difficulty in Asia during the 1930s and 40s. 
From an early age he demonstrated the talent and discipline necessary to endure the rigorous training in martial arts often taught only in monasteries.
According to one of Suhu's most famous teachers, Gusti Gedeh Agung Jelanktik Baliwangsa the former King of Lombok, he had mastered the external forms by the age of twenty. 
Suhu Almarhum is said to have created the current style of white crane pencak silat taught by PGB through a synthesis of four martial arts with his original clan style of kuntao. 
Perry Mason (TV series)
In most episodes, the identity of the guilty party was discovered without an actual trial being held.
During this stage, other malefactors (blackmailers, frauds, forgers, etc.) were frequently forced into confessions by Perry's relentless badgering, and the real killer was exposed.
At this point, it is common for the camera to zoom in on the faces of the potentially guilty (visibly uncomfortable in their seats) as Perry slowly but surely moves to the climactic identification of the real murderer, who confesses, often to the accompaniment of a kettledrum-laden orchestral score, followed by a fadeout to black, symbolizing the defeat and oblivion meted out by Perry Mason.
In the closing scene, the characters often gather together to discuss how the case was solved.
Perreo
Even though perreo is known as a popular dance for reggaeton.
The move may be known as grinding, but similar basic grinding moves are well known around the globe within genres such as Dancehall, Rhythm and Blues, and even Hip hop. 
One may also see it in music videos and even in Night Clubs.
This move is not only popular around the world , but it also has a great impact on the younger youth. 
Perpetual virginity of Mary
Huldrych Zwingli wrote: "I firmly believe that [Mary], according to the words of the gospel as a pure Virgin brought forth for us the Son of God and in childbirth and after childbirth forever remained a pure, intact Virgin."
John Calvin rejected arguments, based on the mention in Scripture of brothers of Jesus, that Mary had other children.
William Pringle, Grand Rapids, MI: Eerdmans, 1949: “Helvidius displayed excessive ignorance in concluding that Mary must have had many sons, because Christ's 'brothers' are sometimes mentioned” (vol. 2, p. 215); “ 
The inference he [Helvidius] drew from it was, that Mary remained a virgin no longer than till her first birth, and that afterwards she had other children by her husband.
No man will obstinately keep up the argument, except from an extreme fondness for disputation.“ (vol. I, p. 107)
John Wesley wrote: "I believe that He was made man, joining the human nature with the divine in one person; being conceived by the singular operation of the Holy Ghost, and born of the blessed Virgin Mary, who, as well after as before she brought Him forth, continued a pure and unspotted virgin."
Pernod Fils
These poor quality absinthes appealed to alcoholics of low socioeconomic status, and were commonly adulterated with a variety of toxic substances to make certain attributes (e.g. color) of these inferior brands more convincing. 
Scientists conducted studies involving the injection of pure wormwood essence into small animals. 
And while this practice usually resulted in convulsions followed by the death of the animal, these tests were flawed and unrepresentative of absinthe consumption.
Despite pleas by absinthe distillers for quality regulations for the category, the enemies of absinthe pushed to ban the popular drink.
Pernambuco
The main educational installations of the state are concentrated in the capital, including the seventh best federal university of the country.
Some of them are known nationally. 
Castro Alves and Joaquim Nabuco, two important people in Brazilian history, studied there.
Others important institutions are:
Universidade Federal de Pernambuco (UFPE) (Federal University of Pernambuco);
Universidade Católica de Pernambuco (Unicap) (Catholic University of Pernambuco);
Universidade de Pernambuco (UPE) (University of Pernambuco);
Universidade Federal Rural de Pernambuco (UFRPE) (Rural Federal University of Pernambuco);
Centro Federal de Educaçao Tecnológica de Pernambuco (Cefet-PE);
and many others.
Pern
Pern's currency is known as the 'Mark'.
Marks are circulated in the form of coins made of wood, apparently as a fiat currency (though, due to Thread, wood has traditionally been a scarce resource during most of Pern's history), whose value is set by a meeting of the political and economic leaders of the planet, apparently as a command economy.
The coins occur in the denominations , , , 1, 1, 1, 2, 5, and 10 marks, with a few 100-mark coins for very large transactions.
They also have some sort of picture marking representing the type of hold or craft mark they are. 
Permatemp
Permatemps hired to do that work may not get the resources that a regular employee would.
Employee badges for permatemps might be a different color, and permatemps may be recognized in the corporate e-mail system by dashes or other identifiers appended to their login ID.
"On Microsoft's Redmond campus, the distinctions between various classes of workers are clear, and part of the company lexicon.
Temporaries hired from employment agencies are known as "A-dashes," the preface on their e-mail addresses...."
Permatemp
In addition to their wages, they often receive benefits like subsidized health care, paid vacations, holidays, sick time, or contributions to a retirement plan.
Regular employees are often eligible to switch job positions within their companies.
Even when employment is "at will," regular employees of large outfits are generally protected from abrupt job termination by severance policies, like advance notice in case of layoffs, or formal discipline procedures.
They may be eligible to join a union, and may enjoy both social and financial benefits of their employment.
Permanent residence (United States)
Lawful Permanent Residents may submit their applications for naturalization as much as 90 days before meeting the residency requirement.
Lawful Permanent Residents generally do not have the right to vote, the right to be elected in federal and state elections, the ability to bring family members to the United States (permanent residents are allowed to sponsor certain family members , but this is often not practical due to long approval delays), or eligibility for federal government jobs. 
Permanent residents who reside in the US must pay taxes on their worldwide income, like U.S. citizens.
Certain conditions that may put a permanent resident in deportation proceedings do not apply to U.S. citizens. 
Permanent makeup
Permanent makeup is a welcome enhancement for most recipients.
The 4 most common complaints are "too dark," "wrong color," "uneven" and "too big."
A skilled, experienced, permanent makeup professional is able to adjust the color and evenness of permanent makeup results in most cases.
Costly pigment lightening techniques and/or removal may be the only solutions.
Permafrost
Thus, if the mean annual air temperature is only slightly below 0 °C (32 °F), permafrost will form only in spots that are sheltered - usually with a northerly aspect.
This creates what is known as 'discontinuous permafrost'.
In the moist-wintered areas mentioned before, there may not be even discontinuous permafrost down to -2 °C.
Discontinuous permafrost is often further divided into 'extensive discontinuous permafrost', where permafrost covers between 50 and 90 percent of the landscape and is usually found in areas with mean annual temperatures between -2° and -4°C (28° and 25° F), and 'sporadic permafrost', where permafrost cover is less than 50 percent of the landscape and typically occurs at mean annual temperatures between 0° and -2°C (32° and 28°F).
Permaculture
A mature ecosystem such as ancient woodland has a huge number of relationships between its component parts: trees, understory, ground cover, soil, fungi, insects and other animals.
The productivity of such a forest, in terms of how much new growth it produces, exceeds that of the most productive wheat field.
It is in this observation — of how much more productive a wood may be on far less fertilizer input — that the potential productivity of a permaculture design is modelled.
The many connections in a wood contribute together to a proliferation of opportunities for amplifier feedbacks to evolve that in turn maximise energy flow through the system.
Perlodidae
The Perlodidae are generally lotic and lentic erosional.
They are most often found in cool, clear streams with rocky bottoms.
They are found under rocks and also in coarse particulate organic matter (CPOM) where there are many prey to be found.
The larvae are generally considered to be clingers as can be seen by their wide stance for gripping substrates. 
Perlecan
In this kind of setting the expression of ECM genes has the potential to more closely resemble that of the native expression profile.
3D scaffolds, the structures on which the cultured cells grow, can be composed of other cells, i.e. cocultures, synthetic polymers mimicking the cells natural environment or purified ECM such as matrigel, and any mixture of these three components.
One such system has been developed to study skin development and basal membrane formation between keratinocytes and the stroma.
Another system using a disorganized hydrated collagen I gel has been used to demonstrate that primary human corneal fibroblasts will eventually invade the gel and create a matrix consisting of collagen type I and perlecan, as well as several other sulfated matrix glycoproteins. 
This mimics the in vivo corneal fibroblast’s developmental program and response to injury.
One of the long-term goals of creating 3D cell culture systems is to engineer tissues that can be used as replacements for patients with many types of disease. 
Another procedure that could be made possible by tissue engineering is keratoepithelioplasty.
Perl Compatible Regular Expressions
PCRE has developed an extensive and in some ways unique feature set. 
While originally intended to be feature equivalent with Perl, over time a number of features have been first implemented in PCRE and only much later added to Perl. 
During the PCRE 7.x and Perl 5.9.x (development track) phase the two projects have coordinated development and are to the extent possible feature equivalent.
In some cases PCRE has included in mainline releases features that originated with Perl 5.9.x and in some cases Perl 5.9.x has included features that were previously only available in PCRE. 
Perkin Warbeck
Warbeck first claimed the English throne at the court of Burgundy in 1490.
In 1491, he landed in Ireland in the hope of gaining support for his claim as Lambert Simnel had four years previously.
Warbeck was also welcomed by various other monarchs; in 1493, he attended the funeral of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor in Vienna, where he was recognised as King Richard IV of England, at the invitation of Frederick III's son Maximilian I.
Warbeck also promised that if he died before becoming king, his 'claim' would fall to Maximilian.
Periphery (BattleTech)
Though his marriage made him happier in many ways , not the least of which was the opportunity he now had to father a child to replace him as president, his choice of partners was an unpopular decision both within and without his realm. 
The Draconis Combine objected to the marriage as an obvious ploy by the Federated Commonwealth to subsume the Periphery realm, and the Kurita ambassador refused to believe any other explanation of the partnership.
Unfortunately for President Avellar, a certain number of Alliance citizens felt the same way, afraid that their nation would follow the path taken by the Tikonov Free Republic several years earlier. 
What little internal resistance existed to Avellar's rule polarized around this issue, and the Outworlds Alliance remained on cool terms with House Kurita for many years.
Periodization
The idea that the Middle Ages was a "middle" phase between two other large scale periodizing concepts, Ancient and Modern, still persists.
The term Dark Ages is no longer in common use among modern scholars because of the difficulty of using it neutrally, though some writers have attempted to retain it and divest it of its negative connotations. 
The term "Middle Ages" and especially the adjective 'medieval' can also have a negative ring in colloquial use ("the barbaric treatment of prisoners in such-and-such a prison is almost medieval") but this does not carry over into academic terminology.
However other terms , such as Gothic architecture, used to refer to a style typical of the High Middle Ages have largely lost the negative connotations they initially had, acquiring new meanings over time (see Gothic architecture and Goth subculture). 
Periodic boundary conditions
In a box that is too small, a macromolecule may interact with its own image in a neighboring box, which is functionally equivalent to a molecule's "head" interacting with its own "tail".
This produces highly unphysical dynamics in most macromolecules, although the magnitude of the consequences and thus the appropriate box size relative to the size of the macromolecules depends on the intended length of the simulation, the desired accuracy, and the anticipated dynamics.
For example, simulations of protein folding that begin from the native state may undergo smaller fluctuations and therefore may not require as large a box as simulations that begin from a random coil conformation.
A common recommendation based on simulations of DNA is to require at least 1 nm of solvent around the molecules of interest in every dimension.
Peril at End House
The 'Times Literary Supplement' of April 14, 1932 stated that the "actual solution is quite unusually ingenious, and well up to the standard of Mrs. Christie's best stories.
Everything is perfectly fair, and it is possible to guess the solution of the puzzle fairly early in the book, though it is certainly not easy." 
Poirot and his faithful Captain Hastings are characters whom one is glad to meet again, and they are the most lively in the book, but even they are little more than pawns in this problem. 
But the plot is arranged with almost mathematical neatness, and that is all that one wants."'
Peridynamics
Damage is incorporated in the pairwise force function by allowing bonds to break when their elongation exceeds some prescribed value. 
After a bond breaks, it no longer sustains any force, and the endpoints are effectively disconnected from each other.
When a bond breaks, the force it was carrying is redistributed to other bonds that have not yet broken.
This increased load makes it more likely that these other bonds will break. 
Peridotite
Oceanic plates consist of up to about 100 km of peridotite covered by a thin crust; the crust, commonly about 6 km thick, consists of basalt, gabbro, and minor sediments.
Oceanic plates are usually subducted back into the mantle in subduction zones.
However, pieces can be emplaced into or overthrust on continental crust by a process called obduction, rather than carried down into the mantle; the emplacement may occur during orogenies, as during collisions of one continent with another or with an island arc.
Among the rocks that commonly include peridotite xenoliths are basalt and kimberlite.
Pericles
Agariste was the great-granddaughter of the tyrant of Sicyon, Cleisthenes, and the niece of the supreme Athenian reformer Cleisthenes, another Alcmaeonid.
According to Herodotus and Plutarch, Agariste dreamed, a few nights before Pericles' birth, that she had borne a lion.
One interpretation of the anecdote treats the lion as a traditional symbol of greatness, but the story may also allude to the unusual size of Pericles' skull, which became a popular target of contemporary comedians. 
(Although Plutarch claims that this deformity was the reason that Pericles was always depicted wearing a helmet, this is not the case; the helmet was actually the symbol of his official rank as strategos (general)).
Perianal gland tumor
Perianal gland tumors are located most commonly in the skin around the anus, but can also be found on the tail or groin.
Adenomas are more common, making up 91 percent of perianal gland tumors in one study. 
Adenomas and adenocarcinomas look alike, both being round, pink and usually less than three centimeters in width.
Adenocarcinomas are more likely to be multiple and invasive into the underlying tissue, and they can metastasize to the lymph nodes, liver, and lungs.
Perfume
Perfume oils usually contain tens to hundreds of ingredients and these are typically organized in a perfume for the specific role they will play.
These ingredients can be roughly grouped into four groups:
'Primary scents': can consist of one or a few main ingredients for a certain concept, such as "rose".
For instance, jasmine and rose scents are commonly blends for abstract floral fragrances.
'Modifiers': These ingredients alter the primary scent to give the perfume a certain desired character: for instance, fruit esters may be included in a floral primary to create a fruity floral; calone and citrus scents can be added to create a "fresher" floral.
Perfume
By using a slightly hydrophilic compound such as ethanol, most of the fragrant compounds from the waxy source materials can be extracted without dissolving any of the fragrantless waxy molecules.
Absolutes are usually found in the form of an oily liquid.
Concretes usually contain a large amount of wax due to the ease in which the solvents dissolve various hydrophobic compounds.
As such concretes are usually further purified through distillation or ethanol based solvent extraction.
Performing arts in Australia
Until the late 1960s, many have argued that Australian popular music was largely indistinguishable from imported music: British to begin with, then gradually more and more American in the post-war years. 
The sudden arrival of the 1960s underground movement into the mainstream in the early 1970s changed Australian music permanently: Skyhooks were far from the first people to write songs in Australia, by Australians, about Australia, but they 'were' the first ones ever to make money doing it.
The two best-selling Australian albums ever made (at that time) put Australian music on the map. 
Within a few years, the novelty had worn off and it became commonplace to hear distinctively Australian lyrics and sometimes sounds side-by-side with the imitators and the imports.
Performative writing
'Performative writing' is a form of post-modernist or avant-garde academic writing, usually taking as its subject a work of visual art or performance art.
It is often loosely semi-autobiographical, free-flowing in an ersatz stream-of-consciousness mode, and heavily informed by left-wing critical theory, but arises ultimately from linguistic ideas around performative utterances.
It often weaves together a bricolage of other writing styles ; since performative writing sees "the form as being as important as the content". 
In this it is claimed to be politically radical, because it thus 'defies' literary conventions and traditions. 
Performative utterance
When performative utterances are explicit, then they are usually in the first person present tense.
While some linguists and theorists might describe explicit performative utterances as rare occurrences, Eve Sedgwick argues that there are performative aspects to nearly all words, sentences, and phrases. 
These categories are not exclusive, so an utterance may well have both qualities.
As Sedgwick observes, performative utterances can be revoked, either by the person who uttered them ("I take back my promise"), or by some other party not immediately involved, like the state (for example, gay marriage vows). 
Performance poetry
Both these types would generally be considered to constitute performance poetry. 
While Ginsberg actually sang his Blake songs with a harmonium, the original practitioner of this third and most popular type of performance poetry is Hedwig Gorski, who coined the term performance poetry to describe her work with music. 
Her spoken vocals have come as close to singing as possible without really singing.
The other type of performance poetry Gorski practiced is without music and tied to conceptual art, but that was at appearances in smaller venues that could not accommodate her band.
Performance improvement plan
If your manager got a group of people to testify against you, by disputing the PIP, you will make it a heavy burden for them for this wasted effort.
The perception of these people will be that they are not supportive in the company and are very petty.
The people who defend you will show that they are good for the company by being supportive and honest.
If I was a CEO of a company, I would keep supportive and positive people around than people who help bury someone with a PIP.
Performance engineering
These will describe the overall system load over a specified time period, defining how many of each type of business transaction will be executed per unit of time.
For example: 1200 of transaction A, 300 of transaction B, 3300 of transaction C, etc. for a given business day; then in hour 1 so many executions of A, B, C etc., in hour 2 so many transaction executions, and so on.
The information is often formatted in a tabular form for clarity.
Finally, the transactions may be classified as to general type, normally being user interaction, report generation, and batch processing.
Perforation
Since the creation of perforation devices in the 1840s and 1850s, it has seen use in several areas. 
Postage stamps are one common application of this, where small round holes are cut in lines to create individual pieces (see postage stamp separation).
Perforations on stamps are rather large, on the order of a millimeter, in comparison other perforated materials often have smaller holes.
It is common for notebooks and legal pads to have perforations making it easier to tear out individual pages.
Perfect information
In microeconomics, a state of perfect information is assumed in some models of perfect competition. 
That is, assuming that all agents are rational and have perfect information, they will choose the best products, and the market will reward those who make the best products with higher sales.
Perfect information would practically mean that all consumers know all things, about all products, at all times, and therefore always make the best decision regarding purchase.
In competitive markets, unlike game-theoretic models, perfect competition does not require that agents have complete knowledge about the actions of others; all relevant information is reflected in prices.
Perfect game (bowling)
A 'perfect game' is the best score possible in a game of bowling, achieved by rolling a strike during every frame.
In bowling games that use 10 pins, such as Ten-pin bowling, Candlepin bowling, and Duckpin bowling, the highest possible score is 300, achieved by bowling 12 strikes in a row in a single game: one strike in each of the first nine frames, and three more in the tenth frame.
Because a strike counts as ten points plus any pinfall in the next two balls, 30 points are possible in a given frame.
In Five-pin bowling, the highest possible score is 450, as a strike is worth 15 points.
Perfect Combination
Lattisaw and Gill divide their time between trying to be heard over the din and trying to add some personal style to the mechanical lines Walden has 'programmed' for them....
Gill, 17, has a deep, muscular, elastic baritone, but shows off a bit too often on the gospel glissandos after the shortest phrases. 
However, because of Walden's knob-twirling tyranny, Lattisaw doesn't have the freedom her voice deserves...
There are several pleasant surprises --the gossamer ballad 'Falling in Love Again,' by folkies Eric Kaz and Tom Snow, and a version of Burt Bacharach's 'Baby It's You.' 
On '50/50 Love,' the two voices, to quote one of the many clichés the song spouts, 'go together hand in glove,' with Gill scatting and growling to rival Al Jarreau, and Lattisaw purring and swooping.
But most of this record is given over to competent, if tedious, Shalamar-style electropop."
Peredvizhniki
Like most Slavophiles, Chernyshevsky was a liberal and ardently supported the emancipation of serfs, which was finally realized in emancipation reform of 1861.
In 1863, almost immediately after the emancipation of serfs in Russia, the realization of Chernyshevsky’s work in practice came about through the protest of the fourteen students of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts.
hey manifested their protest during the annual Academy contest of works, declaring their secession from the Academy of Art.
They drew the inspiration for this gesture of what could be considered as an apparent economic suicide from the ideas of “bringing art to people." 
Seven years later most of the fourteen formed the kernel of the Society of Wandering Exhibitions, also known as The Wanderers or Itenerants (they thought to put their ideas into practice by organizing travelling exhibitions throughout the countryside of Russia). 
They founded a new artistic code that was based on social and political critique, as opposed to the pure aestheticism, and interpreted Chernyshevsky’s ideas by laying an emphasis on the subject matter of their works, justifying (like their friends and contemporaries Feodor Dostoevsky, Leo Tolstoy, Ivan Turgenev, and others) their activity by the attempt to make their art useful to society, and rejecting the “art for art’s sake” philosophy of concurrent academic tradition.
Perdita (genus)
There are over 700 recognized species and subspecies of 'Perdita', plus some 200 more as yet unnamed.
'Perdita' are usually quite small (2.0 mm to 10.0 mm) and often brightly colored with metallic reflections and/or yellow or white markings.
The genus was extensively treated by P.H. Timberlake who, in addition to T.D.A. Cockerell, described most of the known species.
Most species are extreme specialists (oligoleges) with respect to pollen and will only collect pollen from a few closely related species or genera of plants. 
Percy Smythe, 8th Viscount Strangford
On succeeding his brother as 'Viscount Strangford' in 1857 he continued to live in Constantinople, immersed in cultural studies.
One of the most interesting papers Lord Strangford ever wrote was the last chapter in his wife's book on the 'Eastern Shores of the Adriatic'. 
That chapter was entitled "Chaos," and was the first of his writings which made him widely known amongst careful students of foreign politics.
From that time forward everything that he wrote was watched with intense interest, and even when it was anonymous there was not the slightest difficulty in recognizing his style, for it was unlike any other. 
Percy Jewett Burrell
'Percy Jewett Burrell' ( – ) was an author and director of historical and civic pageants, or dramas, and was known for his skills in oratory and elocution, (both of which are now more commonly referred to as public speaking). 
He also taught public speaking and drama, and was known as a "public reciter".
As of the mid 1920s, Burrell had developed a nationwide reputation for his work, having had 75,000 participants in his productions, which had collectively been performed in front of over 900,000 people.
According to a printed program used at a service in his memory, "His mastery of the spoken and written word led him to be a well known public speaker with an enviable reputation as a teacher of oratory, and later as an author and director of national distinction". 
Burrell served as the sixth supreme (national) president of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity from 1907 to 1914, and along with Fraternity founder Ossian E. Mills has been credited by Fraternity historians with encouraging the early expansion of and formulating the basic philosophies and spiritual values espoused by the Fraternity.
Percussion mallet
They are often used in jazz or blues music.
The bristles can be made of metal or plastic; handles are commonly made of wood or aluminum, and are often coated with rubber.
The non-bristled end of the brush may end in a loop or a ball.
Though most performers prefer using metallic brushes, more now use plastic brushes because of their increased durability. 
Percival Stacy Waddy
After acting for a short period as curate to Bishop Stretch at Newcastle, New South Wales, he was given the difficult parish of Stockton, New South Wales on the other side of the harbour, then much overloaded with debt.
His energy was boundless, as in this year he wrote various tracts, gave over 40 lantern lecture averaged over six services a Sunday in his own parish, travelling about 30 miles on his bicycle, became bishop's chaplain and secretary of the clerical society, and also managed to fit in some very successful cricket. 
In December 1903 at West Maitland against Plum Warner's English eleven which included such well-known bowlers as Hurst, Len Braund, Ted Arnold, Bernard Bosanquet and Fielder, he made 93 and 102.
Had he accepted the suggestion that he should get a position in Sydney and play cricket, it is likely that he would have gained a place in the New South Wales eleven. 
Perceptual control theory
In a hierarchy of interacting control systems conflicting outputs and perceptions are possible. 
Higher level control systems may seek perceptions that don't produce the conflict.
If the conflict persists, the "problem solving" by higher systems comes to awareness, and if it fails the reorganisation system may find new systems that bypass the conflict or may construct new reference signals (goals) that are not in conflict.
New perceptual constructs and new means of controlling the perceptions involved may also result from reorganization.
Perceptions of religious imagery in natural phenomena
A typical example is the "Clearwater Virgin", where an image of Mary was reported to have appeared in the glass façade of a finance building in Clearwater, Florida, and attracted widespread media attention. 
The building drew an estimated one million visitors over the next several years and was purchased by an Ohio Catholic revivalism group.
A local chemist examined the windows and suggested the stain was produced by water deposits combined with weathering, yielding a chemical reaction like that often seen on old bottles, perhaps due to the action of the water sprinkler.
Images of the Virgin have also been reported on a rock in Ghana, an underpass in Chicago, a lump of firewood in Janesville, Wisconsin; a chocolate factory in Fountain Valley, California; 
Per capita income
Economic activity that does not result in monetary income, such as services provided within the family, or for barter, are usually not counted.
The importance of these services will vary widely between different economies , both between countries and among different groups within a country. 
Per capita income gives no indication of the distribution of that income within the country, so a small wealthy class can increase the measured per-capita income far above that of the majority of the population.
As for the per capita income of the majority of the population, using the median income or Amartya Sen's welfare function is the more appropriate approach.
Per Hüttner
If this extremely personal and individual space in our lives, which can be violent, sexual, religious or can take many other expressions remains closed, we will also remain slaves to our own socialization. 
As artists it is our prime responsibility to fight for the right to retain and enjoy this liberty for ourselves and others.
Humanity will always be engaged in a battle to safeguard this freedom and maybe that is also a good definition of what an artist is – a confident defender of the aspects of the soul that cannot be defended any other way.
It has always been like that throughout history and will probably always stay that way." 
Per Fosshaug
Fosshaug played in midfield for many clubs in Sweden, as well as for the Swedish national bandy team, for which he made a record 129 appearances between 1994 and 2005. 
In 1986, he moved to Bandyallsvenskan side Falu BS, where he spent two seasons, followed by another two at IFK Vänersborg.
In 1992, he made the move to Västeras SK Bandy, the club which he became most commonly associated with. 
During his time with Västeras SK Bandy, Fosshaug made the majority of his national team appearances.
Peptide mass fingerprinting
'Peptide mass fingerprinting' (PMF) (also known as 'protein fingerprinting') is an analytical technique for protein identification that was developed in 1993 by several groups independently. 
The results are statistically analyzed to find the best match.
Additionally most PMF algorithms assume that the peptides come from a single protein.
Mixtures exceeding a number of 2-3 proteins typically require the additional use of MS/MS based protein identification to achieve sufficient specificity of identification (6).
Peppermint tea
Though there have been no human clinical trials on the health benefits or risks of peppermint tea, some believe peppermint tea has healing effects, as a result of the menthol that it contains. 
It is said to ease such problems as irritable bowel syndrome, nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, headaches and baby colic; for this last, breastfeeding mothers are sometimes recommended to drink the tea themselves, in the belief that its benefits will be passed on to the baby in the breastmilk. 
It is also said to control mild asthma, manage stress and ward off the common cold. 
In some countries , peppermint tea preparations list these proposed effects on their labels. 
Pep rally
At a pep rally, cheerleaders will often lead in boisterous chants intended to get the student body involved and supporting the school's team.
Games between competing classes with small prizes may be held.
The school's band will often play upbeat music in between demonstrations, and the drumline may play.
In the case of a Homecoming game, the Homecoming "court" may be chosen and announced.
Pep flags
In recent years, some schools have implemented a third and even fourth flag in routines. 
This performing art is mainly prominent in Southern California high schools in various school districts. 
Although pep flags has been around for many decades (and has evolved much since then), it has been gaining more and more popularity.
This particular style of pep flags has spanned out to other areas in Northern California and Nevada and has been known to have similar styles in Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Ohio and Wisconsin.
Twirling has also reached other countries such as Australia, Canada, Japan, South America, St. Kitts and the United Kingdom.
Depending on the U.S. region or part of the world, pep flags may be classified with baton (flag baton), majorettes or precision/prop.
Usually, pep flags is often associated with cheerleading, as it is one of the main subdivisions of the spirit world: cheerleading, songleading/pom pom, mascots and 'pep flags').
However, much like other auxiliary and spirit teams, Pep Flags takes much hand and eye coordination, athleticism, showmanship and overall teamwork and good sportmanship.
Many flag routines involve choreography to music, dance/cheer elements (such as kicklines, pyramid mounts, etc.), numerous combinations of twirls, flag tricks, and flag tosses (also known as exchanges). 
Pep band
Often members of a pep band are a subset of people from a larger ensemble such as a marching band or a concert band.
Pep bands are generally associated with performing at pep rallies and sporting events (usually football, basketball or hockey).
With a few exceptions, pep bands are exclusive to the collegiate and high school level.
The typical instrumentation of a pep band is the same as most marching bands, using mainly woodwind, brass, and percussion instruments.
Peoria Unified School District
In March of 2009, Peoria's Superintendent announced that up to 900 teachers may lose their positions in the district.
This will most likely only affect those teachers who have only taught in the district for less than two years. 
In addition, teachers that are eligible for retirement or those who have retired already and are working under contract may be next on the chopping block.
"We are preparing for the worst, but hoping for the very best," said Dr. Denton Santarelli, the Peoria Unified School District superintendent.
People's Volunteer Army
During battles, western forces were usually incapable of correctly estimating the strength of PVA forces, often, they greatly exaggerated the number of attacking PVAs, such as taking a PVA regiment as a PVA division.
Moreover, PVAs were masters of infiltration, they often sneaked in and attacked directly on command posts, generating shock and chaos.
As some military analysts pointed out, PLA rarely use dense formation in their attacks, it seeks to inflict maximum damage with minimum casualty. 
At various stages of the Korean war, PVA never had a commanding numerical superiority against UN forces, in fact, during the 4th campaign, it was greatly outnumbered by UN (it was always outgunned), yet it could still outmaneuver UN forces and even managed to counter attack at X Corps.
People's Republic of Kampuchea
Along with other armed factions, the Khmer Rouge launched a relentless military campaign against the newly-established People's Republic of Kampuchea state from the refugee camps and from hidden military outposts along the Thai border.
Even though the Khmer Rouge was dominant, the non-communist resistance included a number of groups which had formerly been fighting against the Khmer Rouge after 1975.
These groups includied Lon Nol-era soldiers —-coalesced in 1979-80 to form the Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces (KPNLAF)— which pledged loyalty to former Prime Minister Son Sann, and Moulinaka (Mouvement pour la Libération Nationale du Kampuchea), loyal to Prince Norodom Sihanouk.
Fraught with both internal and mutual discord, the non-communist groups opposing the PRK, were never very effective, so that all through the civil war against the KPRAF/CPAF the only seriously organized fighting force against the state was the former Khmer Rouge militia, ironically labelled as the "Resistance".
People's Republic of China
Physical fitness is widely emphasized in Chinese culture. 
Morning exercises are a common activity and often one can find the elderly practicing qigong and tai chi chuan in parks or students doing stretches on school campuses.
Young people are especially keen on basketball, especially in urban centers with limited space and grass areas.
The NBA has a huge following among Chinese youths, with Yao Ming being the idol of many. 
People's Charter for Change, Peace and Progress
But there has to be another means for finding common ground.
The tragedy is that many beneficial features in both the proposed charter and the electoral system would be discounted because of the manner of their implementation.' 
But a new dispensation pushed on the people of this country will not be sustainable.
In the long term, the will of the people will prevail.
People v. Jackson
She often brought Jason along to her work.
Jason claimed Jackson touched his crotch twice over his shorts, and once touched his testicles from under his shorts, on each of these three occasions for a few minutes during a tickling game.
On the first two occasions he claimed to have received $100 each for not telling his mother, Blanca Francia.
She did not see sexual activity, just an occasion where Jackson and Jason were lying together partly on, partly in a sleeping bag.
Blanca Francia received $20,000 for a TV interview, which Jason claimed to have no knowledge of the amount.
People smuggling
Human trafficking differs from people smuggling.
A people smuggler will facilitate illegal entry into a country for a fee, but on arrival at their destination, the smuggled person is usually free.
Trafficking involves a process of using physical force, fraud or deception to obtain and transport people.
Women, who form the majority of trafficking victims, are particularly at risk from criminals who exploit lack of opportunities, promise good jobs or opportunities for study, and then force the victims to be prostitutes.
People on Sunday
Erwin clearly is not keen to go - he simply comments that Greta Garbo is showing until the following Tuesday.
At the end of the day, Erwin returns home to find Annie moping about - she seems to spend most of her time lying on the bed in a fairly threadbare apartment.
The couple start to get ready to go to the cinema, but they continually bicker with each other.
The first row is over the pictures of movie stars in their bathroom - it is clear that all the actors are there for Annie's benefit, while the actresses are there for Erwin, because they punish each other by tearing up each other's photos.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals
Rod Coronado, a former ALF activist, received $64,000 from PETA, and two months later another $38,240, as a loan to fund his legal defense, when he was convicted of having set fire to a Michigan State University research lab in 1992.
PETA claimed a tax refund from the Internal Revenue Service for the donation after the arson took place.
PETA is also alleged to have donated $1.3 million to the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM), an organization that promotes the use of alternatives to animal testing, but which has been criticized for its links with the ALF, and in particular with Dr. Jerry Vlasak, a trauma surgeon who runs the North American Animal Liberation Press Office. 
Vlasak caused controversy in 2004 when he told 'The Observer': "I don't think you'd have to kill too many [researchers]. 
People associated with Anne Frank
The Geiringers lived on the opposite side of Merwedeplein, the square where the Frank's apartment was located, and Eva and Anne were almost exactly the same age.
Though they did know each other on a first-name basis, Eva and Anne were not especially close, as they had different groups of friends aside from Sanne Ledermann.
Her brother Heinz was called up for deportation to labor camp on the same day as Margot Frank, and the Geiringers went into hiding at the same time the Franks did, though the Geiringer family split into two groups to do so - Eva and her mother, and Heinz and his father.
Eva later wrote her autobiography "Eva's Story" which served as the inspiration for the development of a very popular multimedia stage presentation about the Holocaust called "And Then They Came for Me". 
People Will Say We're in Love
The other characters think, correctly, that Laurey (Joan Roberts) and Curly (Alfred Drake) are in love.
In this song they warn each other not to behave indiscreetly, lest people misinterpret their intentions.
Neither wants to admit to the other - or themselves - his or her true feelings.
At the end of the musical the characters reprise the number after becoming engaged, saying "Let people say we're in love."
People Power Revolution
Through this decree, Marcos seized emergency powers giving him full control of the Philippine military and the authority to suppress the freedom of speech, the freedom of the press, and many other civil liberties. 
Marcos also ordered the immediate arrest of his political opponents and critics.
Among those arrested were Senate President Jovito Salonga, Senator Jose Diokno, and Senator Benigno Aquino Jr., the staunchest of his critics and the man who was groomed by the opposition to beat Marcos in the 1973 elections. 
With practically all of his political opponents arrested and in exile, Marcos' pre-emptive declaration of martial law in 1972, and the ratification of his new constitution through political coercion, enabled him to effectively legitimize his government and hold on to power for another 14 years beyond his first two terms as president.
People Nation
An earring in the left ear, a left pants leg rolled up, and a cap tilted to the left may all indicate affiliation to the alliance.
The People Nation alliance in most instances utilizes a five-pointed star in their gang graffiti.
The five-pointed star has its origins with the Black Stone Rangers/Black P. Stone Ranger Nation, one of the larger street gangs.
There are many other terms referring to fives over sixes such as "five in the sky, six must die" and also "5 poppin, 6 droppin." 
Certain terms are used by the People Nation alliance such as "all is well" when greeting each other. 
People Capability Maturity Model
The People Capability Maturity Model (People CMM) is a framework that helps organizations successfully address their critical people issues.
Based on the best current practices in fields such as human resources, knowledge management, and organizational development, the People CMM guides organizations in improving their processes for managing and developing their workforces.
Since its release in 1995, thousands of copies of the People CMM have been distributed, and it is used worldwide by organizations, small and large. 
First published in book form in 2001, it is in print in several editions worldwide , and a second edition is forthcoming in 2009. 
People Are Alike All Over
One of them, Marcusson, is a positive thinker who believes that people are alike all over, even on the Red Planet.
The other astronaut, Conrad, has a more cynical view of human interplanetary nature.
Expecting some unnameable evil , he finds his apprehension turning to joy when, upon opening the hatch, he sees Martians that indeed appear human, have mind-reading abilities and give the impression of being most amicable, especially the beautiful Teenya, who welcomes and reassures him. 
People 'are' alike.... people are alike everywhere!"
Penuche
Penuche often has a tannish color to it and is lighter than regular fudge.
It is formed by the caramelization of brown sugar, and thus its flavor is said to be reminiscent of caramel. 
Nuts, especially pecans, are often added to penuche for texture, especially in the making of penuche candies.
It is primarily a regional food, found in New England and some places in the Southern United States, though in the latter it goes by different names, usually "'Brown Sugar Fudge Candy'". 
Pentimento
Probably this was a bust of Napoleon's son, who was known as the King of Rome.
The presumption is that this was overpainted with the curtain after the fall of Napoleon, either by Ingres himself, or another artist.
The bust can just be made out in the enlarged online photo, with its chin level with the sitter's hair-line; the top of the column was level with the middle of the sitter's ear.
These may always have been (just) visible, or have become so by the paint becoming transparent with age.
Strictly speaking, these alterations might not be described as pentimenti, because of the presumed lapse of time, and because another artist may have made the change. 
Pentecostalism
Within classical Pentecostalism there are three major orientations: Wesleyan-Holiness, Higher Life, and Oneness.
The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel is an example of the Higher Life branch, while the Assemblies of God (AG) was influenced by both groups.
Many Pentecostal groups are affiliated with the Pentecostal World Conference. 
Pentecostalism claims more than 250 million adherents worldwide.
Pentatonic scale
Assigning precise frequency proportions to the pentatonic scales of most cultures is problematic.
The slendro anhemitonic scales of Java and Bali are said to approach, very roughly , an equally-tempered five note scale, but, in fact, their tunings vary dramatically from gamelan to gamelan. 
Specially trained musicians among the Gogo people of Tanzania sing the fourth through ninth (and occasionally tenth) harmonics above a fundamental, which do necessarily accurately correspond to the frequency proportions 4:5:6:7:8:9, but this is not a scale in the western sense because these pitches are not found within a single octave and could not be put into a single octave with this manner of performance.
Composer Lou Harrison has been one of the most recent proponents and developers of new pentatonic scales based on historical models. 
Pentastomida
Historically, they were initially compared to various groups of parasitic worms. 
Some authors interpreted tongue worms as essentially intermediate between annelids and arthropods, while others suggested that they deserved a phylum of their own. 
Tongue worms grow by moulting, which suggests they belong to Ecdysozoa, while other work has identified the arthropod-like nature of their larvae. 
In general, there are two current alternative interpretations: pentastomids are highly modified and parasitic crustaceans, probably related to fish lice, or they are an ancient group of stem-arthropods, close to the origins of Arthropoda. 
Pentachaeta
The stems are typically simple or branching in the lower half of plant, and they are erect, generally flexible, and of green to reddish color.
This genus has green phyllaries in two to three generally equal series, lanceolate to obovate, with margins widely scarious, and a naked receptacle.
The white, yellow or red corolla may be simplified to a tube.
Fruits are 1.5 to 3.0 millimeters in diameter and are generally compressed in an oblong-fusiform shape and are typically covered with small hairs.
Pension bomb
The Australian Federal Government has acknowledged that the number of people receiving the pension will outnumber the number of people in the workforce funding the pension by the end of the next decade.
This situation is unsustainable so a number of strategies have been employed to counter this problem. 
Immigration policies have been modified to encourage young people to come to Australia.
Those who are nearing the age of 65 have also been encouraged to not retire but keep working for as long as possible well into their 70s.
Pension
In such plans, the employee is responsible, to one degree or another, for selecting the types of investments toward which the funds in the retirement plan are allocated.
This may range from choosing one of a small number of pre-determined mutual funds to selecting individual stocks or other securities. 
Most self-directed retirement plans are characterized by certain tax advantages , and some provide for a portion of the employee's contributions to be matched by the employer. 
In exchange, the funds in such plans may not be withdrawn by the investor prior to reaching a certain age—typically the year the employee reaches 59.5 years old-- (with a small number of exceptions) without incurring a substantial penalty.
Pensacola, Florida
Pensacola's music scene is considered very active. 
Perhaps most consistently , however, the city has been home to a small, but fairly active Punk, Folk and Indie scene with bands such as This Bike is a Pipe Bomb, Frank Booth, 60 Cycles of Sound, Deadly Fists of Kung Fu, among others. 
There is also a moderately sized gothic and Industrial scene in the greater Pensacola Area with events such as 'Freaky Fridaze' held monthly at 'Bedlam', a popular nightclub in the downtown area.
There has also been a recent growth in the hardcore metal scene in Pensacola, and shows of this genre are often held at the local American Legion post and the now-closed Red Door Venue, a Christian-based show space.
Penryn (UK Parliament constituency)
Later in the century the patronage came to be shared between Basset and the Duke of Leeds, though in the last years before Reform Basset's son (who became Lord de Dunstanville) was allowed to exercise patronage alone on the understanding that he did not interfere in the Duke's other Cornish borough, Helston.
Elections were generally contested, and the outcome was often a sharing of the representation with one Whig and one Tory returned.
In this final period, elections in Penryn became notoriously corrupt, although as Namier suggests the notoriety may have arisen chiefly from the fact the bribery now involved private citizens on both sides instead of the government being complicit in it. 
In 1828, two years before the first attempt to pass a general Reform Act, the Whigs picked Penryn as a suitable case for an attempt at more limited reform after an election where voters were reportedly treated to a "breakfast" worth 24 guineas a head; they proposed a bill in the House of Commons to disfranchise Penryn and transfer its two seats to Manchester, but as there was at this point a Tory majority opposed to Reform the proposal was defeated.
Penrith, Cumbria
The New Streets is a name for the area between Townhead and Scaws on the side of the Beacon Hill (or Fell) which consists of steep streets of some terraced housing but mainly large detached and semi detached houses mostly laid out in the late 19th century going up the hill.
Until about the turn of the twentieth century, Beacon Edge was known as Beacon Road.
As well as the streets going up the fellside there are some that connect the streets such as Beacon Street and smaller housing developments in the gaps between the individual streets.
The fellside is known to have been used as a burial ground for victims of the many attacks of plague which struck Penrith down the centuries, and there are also areas which still bear the names of the farming which took place in the area. 
Penrith, Cumbria
It last use was probably in 1804 in the war against Napoleon. 
Today, although surrounded by a commercial woodland owned by Lowther Estates, the hill still contains some natural woodlands and is a popular local and tourist attraction.
On a clear day the majority of the Eden Valley, the local fells, Pennines and parts of the North Lakes can be seen.
It is almost certain that the Beacon Hill gave Penrith its name - in Celtic - of "red hill". 
Pennyroyal
Pennyroyal tea is the use of an infusion made from the herb, the infusion is widely reputed as safe to ingest in restricted quantities. 
It has been traditionally employed and reportedly successful as an emmenagogue (menstrual flow stimulant) or as an abortifacient.
The most popular current use of the tea is to settle the stomach. 
Other reported medicinal uses through history include fainting, flatulence, gall ailments, gout, hepatitis (presumably Hepatitis A), a lung cleanser, a gum strengthener and, when ground with vinegar, a tumor remedy, although there is little to no medical evidence on any of these treatments. 
Penny stock
"A company's web site may feature a glowing press release about its financial health or some new product or innovation.
Newsletters that purport to offer unbiased recommendations may suddenly tout the company as the latest "hot" stock.
Messages in chat rooms and bulletin board postings may urge you to buy the stock quickly or to sell before the price goes down.
Or you may even hear the company mentioned by a radio or TV analyst.
Pennsylvania State Police
The PSP is the only law enforcement agency in Pennsylvania that is authorized to use radar for speed enforcement, in accordance with Title 75 (commonly referred to as the Pennsylvania Motor Vehicle Code) of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Statutes, Annotated, Section 3368(c2).
Stephen King's novel 'From a Buick 8' features Troop D in a fictional town named Statler.
The PSP was patterned after a military organization and PSP troopers have sometimes been referred to as "Soldiers of the Law." 
Divisions of the force are called "troops," and officers are known as "troopers" a title usually reserved for members of the United States Cavalry, and reminiscent of the early beginnings of the department when officers patrolled on horseback.
A senior member of the Paratime Police refers to the PSP as "one of the ten best constabulary organizations in the world.
This is done for numerous safety and liability reasons. 
Pennsylvania State Constables
In Pennsylvania, a peace officer may arrest a person, without warrant, if a crime is committed in their presence.'
For example, if a constable observes a public brawl, then the constable may arrest the participants for breaching the peace.
Constables' "arrest on view" authority does 'not' empower them to make arrests after the fact for crimes they did not observe directly, nor to arrest on probable cause.
However, according to Pennsylvania common law, a citizen may also have the same power of arrest, but is not given the shrowd of authority a constable is given.
Pennsylvania Route 652
Route 652 begins a northeastern progression, where it passes to the south of several ponds and several local residences. 
There are some short patches of the woodlands in the area. 
At an intersection with Dunn Road and Buckingham Road, Route 652 passes some local residences , and eventually becomes less developed with fields surrounding the highway in Berlin Township. 
There, Route 652 becomes highly developed, passing several residences on both the northern and southern sides of the highway. 
Pennsylvania Main Line
From Philadelphia, the stations on what is now referred to as the R5 train line are: Overbrook. 
The community of Overbrook is a neighborhood within the city limits of Philadelphia and so is generally not regarded as being part of the Main Line. 
The other rail line communities are outside the traditional Main Line and sometimes considered the Upper Main Line: Rosemont, Villanova, Radnor, St. Davids, Wayne, Strafford, Devon, Berwyn, Daylesford, and Paoli. 
Some communities, most notably Gladwyne, Bala Cynwyd, and Penn Valley, are included in what is commonly accepted as the Main Line, as they are typical Main Line communities, are adjacent to Main Line towns. 
Neither, however, is located on the rail line for which the area is named and therefore they may be considered culturally rather than geographically on the Main Line. 
Pennsylvania
In the past decade, no political party has been clearly dominant in Pennsylvania.
This, combined with Pennsylvania's rank of 6th in the country in population, has made it one of the most important swing states. 
Republicans are generally dominant in the areas of Altoona, York, Lancaster, Williamsport, Harrisburg, and the vast rural areas that make up the balance of the Commonwealth. 
Traditionally, Republicans have also fared well in the densely populated and wealthy suburbs of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, but in the 1990s and 2000s many of these suburbs began to associate more with the Democratic Party. 
Penleigh and Essendon Grammar School
Carlton College opened in 1872 and this school occupied several premises in the Parkville area. 
The school occupied several sites in the Moonee Ponds area. 
The first links between Essendon Grammar School and Penleigh Ladies' College were established in 1952 when Intermediate and Leaving students participated in some common classes. 
Another site of approximately was purchased in the Keilor Park area in 2006 to be developed as sporting grounds.
Penkridge
Modern toponymists have become convinced that the hill in question was more likely a tumulus - prominent in pre-Roman and Roman times, and perhaps much later.
This was a tumulus at Rowley Hill Farm, Ordnance Survey reference GR90251180, approximately , which was still prominent in the 18th century and still discernible in the early 20th.
It would have directly overlooked the outlying Roman camp, across the Penk and just north of Pennocrucium on Watling Street, the remains of which are clearly visible in satellite photographs.
The Rowley Hill tumulus is well-documented, and was clearly an extremely important landmark for several millennia.
Penitential
"Recidivism was always possible, and the commutation of sentence by payment of cash perpetuated the notion that salvation could be bought" (Rouche 1987, p. 529).
The system of commutations espoused in the penitentials could not reach the poorest, for whom a few solidi was a fortune and the possibility of some meat in the diet an essential source of calories.
However, because even the earliest penitentials inquired into the sinner's state of mind and social condition, it cannot be claimed that the priest took no account of the sinner's poverty. 
Nor were commutations restricted to financial payments: extreme fasts and recitation of large numbers of psalms could also commute penances; the system of commutation did not reinforce commonplace connections between poverty and sinfulness, even though it favored people of means and education over those without such advantages.
Penistone rail accidents
Although not intended as a football excursion many from the area took advantage to see the team, then considered the best in the country, play. 
The locomotive was class 23 No.188, a six coupled locomotive, which although usually to be found on goods workings, was regularly used on excursion traffic.
The locomotive crew stood by their posts and applied the brakes, the coaches following the locomotive into the 'six-foot' ripping up some 25 yards of track; the tender capsized and became entangled in signal wires, the locomotive dug in the ballast and the front coach totally smashed.
One person was killed and many injured. 
Those with minor injuries were treated at Penistone station, those with more severe injuries were taken to the Wentworth Arms Hotel, opposite the bottom of the station approach road, where the billiard room was turned into an operating theatre.
Penis enlargement
Flexible compression rings, commonly called cock rings, can be added.
In the best circumstances erections can be maintained for a considerable time, but manufacturers' literature recommends that, for safety, rings should be removed after no more than 30 minutes.
In some cases the testicles can be unexpectedly pulled into the cylinder and cause severe pain and injury. 
Attempts at using vacuum cleaner units for this purpose have resulted in severe injury as the machine produces far too much suction.
However, scientists Graham Rutherford and Anne Henke have also undertaken significant research in this area, being funded by some of the major names in sexual pleasure toys, such as Ann Summers. 
Penguin Cafe Orchestra
Another famous tune featured in 'Malcolm', along with other films, is "Music For A Found Harmonium", which Jeffes wrote on a harmonium that he had found dumped in a back street in Kyoto, where he was staying in the summer of 1982 after the ensemble's first tour of Japan.
He wrote that after installing the found harmonium "in a friend's house in one of the most beautiful parts at the edge of the city", he "frequently visited this instrument during the next few months, and I remember the time fondly as one during which I was under a form of enchantment with the place and the time"." 
Music for a Found Harmonium" was used over the end-credits of the 1988 John Hughes movie "She's Having a Baby" where many film actors and celebrities of the time invent their favourite name for an imagined child, although it was not placed on the soundtrack accompanying the movie. 
Its rhythm, tempo and simple structure made it very suitable for adaptation into a reel, and it was subsequently recorded by many Irish traditional musicians , including Patrick Street, De Dannan, Kevin Burke and Sharon Shannon. 
Penguin
Penguins are popular around the world, primarily for their unusually upright, waddling gait and (compared to other birds) lack of fear of humans.
Their striking black-and-white plumage is often likened to a tuxedo suit.
Mistakenly, some artists and writers have penguins based at the North Pole. 
This is incorrect, as there are almost no wild penguins in the northern hemisphere, except the small group on the northernmost of the Galápagos.
Penfield railway line, Adelaide
The line opened in 1941 to service various World War II armaments factories at Penfield.
As it was built for industrial purposes, sidings branched off both the Up and Down tracks at many locations. 
During the war years this branch line was used by many passenger trains carrying workers to the munitions factories in the area.
This was necessary because Salisbury was still a semi-rural community at the time and most of the workforce had to be brought in from other districts.
Penetrating trauma
People with penetrating abdominal trauma may have signs of hypovolemic shock (insufficient blood in the circulatory system) and peritonitis (an inflammation of the peritoneum, the membrane that lines the abdominal cavity).
Penetration may abolish or diminish bowel sounds due to bleeding, infection, and irritation, and injuries to arteries may cause bruits (a distinctive sound similar to heart murmurs) to be audible.
Percussion of the abdomen may reveal hyperresonance (indicating air in the abdominal cavity) or dullness (indicating a buildup of blood).
The abdomen may be distended or tender, signs which indicate an urgent need for surgery.
Pendleton, Indiana
It was found impossible to obtain a building in which to hold our convention, and our friends, Dr. Fussell and others, erected a platform in the woods, where quite a large audience assembled.
They tore down the platform on which we stood, assaulted Mr. White and knocking out several of his teeth, dealt a heavy blow on William A. White, striking him on the back part of the head, badly cutting his scalp and felling him to the ground.
Leaving me thus, with my right hand broken, and in a state of unconsciousness, the mobocrats hastily mounted their horses and rode to Andersonville, where most of them resided.
I have lately visited Pendleton, now one of the best republican towns in the State, and looked again upon the spot where I was beaten down, and have again taken by the hand some of the witnesses of that scene , amongst whom was the kind, good lady—Mrs. Hardy—who, so like the good Samaritan of old, bound up my wounds, and cared for me so kindly" 
Pencil fish
The latter will reduce the likelihood of the fish jumping, which is a common occurrence for some of the species , especially 'N. espei' and 'N. unifasciatus'. 
If kept in a community aquarium, the best tankmates are other species of 'Nannostomus,' small peaceful characins and corydoras.
If kept in a thickly planted single-species aquarium with the above water parameters, most species will spawn, eggs will not be eaten, and the fry will be found among the floating plants.
Baby brine shrimp, live or frozen, and other small-sized foods are required for both fry and adults.
'Nannostomus' are also avid biofilm grazers and, for most of the species, algae is an under-reported staple of their diet.
In most species the males will establish small territories and defend them.
Their defensive actions are usually harmless but, in two species, 'N. mortenthaleri' and 'N. trifasciatus', antagonistic behavior directed at conspecifics can have deleterious results if sufficient space and plant cover are not provided.
Once acclimated to the aquarium, and provided with conditions to their liking, 'Nannostomus' are hardy and have a firm grasp on life, often living for five or more years.
Pencil detonator
No. 10 delays were normally issued in a tin of 5, all of the same delay, while L-delays were issued in a larger tin which included a mixture of different delays to suit a variety of operations.
It is widely reported that the wire thickness varied also, but in fact all used the same diameter of wire. 
However, plastic explosives (which did not require a booster) were particularly useful during the sabotage missions in which they were often employed.
There were also a number of special charges issued with a time pencil already incorporated e.g. some types of limpet mines. 
Penalty shot (ice hockey)
Strategy is considered to be very important during penalty shots and overtime shootouts for both the shooter and the goalie. 
Both shooters and goalies commonly consult their teammates and coaches for advice on the opposing player's style of play.
Shooters often consider the goalie's strengths and weaknesses (such as a fast glove or stick save), preferred goaltending style (such as butterfly or stand-up) and method of challenging the shooter.
Goaltenders often consider the shooter's shot preference, expected angle of attack, a patented move a shooter commonly uses and even handedness of the shooter.
Penalty box
When a team has a player serving a 2-minute penalty, and an overall disadvantage in the number of players on the ice, the opposing team is said to be on a power play.
If they score during that time, the time remaining in that particular penalty is discarded and the player may return to the ice if that player has a 2-minute minor penalty.
No time is subtracted for a goal on a 5-minute major penalty.
Goaltenders never go to the penalty box, even though they are assessed penalty minutes, and would either have their penalty time served by proxy, usually being taken by the team captain, or face a penalty shot in the case of a 5-minute major penalty.
Penalty (ice hockey)
A major penalty is a stronger degree of penalty for a more severe infraction of the rules than a minor.
Most penalties which incur a major are more severe instances of minor penalty infractions; the exception is fighting which always draws a major.
A player who receives a major penalty will remain off the ice for five minutes of play during which his team will be short-handed.
A major penalty will not end if a goal is scored against the short-handed team.
Penal military unit
During the war, some escaped Soviet POWs were sent to penal units under Order 227 retroactively. 
Those liberated at the end of the war were often executed.
Many Soviet POWs liberated at the end of the war were summarily executed. 
Soviet POWs not executed at war's end often went to a gulag such as the Kolyma arctic death camp.
Still others were released from custody, but stripped of their rank or awards. 
These inmates were not necessarily civilians, but could include former soldiers or officers sentenced to labor camps for various infractions.
In 1937, General Lebed's father, a Red Army officer, was stripped of his rank and given a five-year sentence in a labor camp for twice reporting late for duty - five minutes late, to be exact.
Pen spinning
In the film 'Good Will Hunting', a student can be seen spinning his pen in one of the classroom scenes at MIT.
Boris Grishenko, the fictional character in the 1995 James Bond movie 'Goldeneye' portrayed by Alan Cumming, often spins pens while working.
Val Kilmer's character, Iceman, can be seen spinning a pen in the films 'Top Gun' and 'Real Genius'.
Kilmer often manipulates objects, normally coins or poker chips, in his films which became a trademark of his.
In the PC game 'America's Army', during the Special Forces training lecture and test, one of the user's classmates is doing the "Charge" trick as he listens to the lecture.
In the music video, "Your Smile" by F.I.R, Faye is seen performing Twisted Sonic.
In the American Mercury Signature commercial, a pen is shown performing a sonic rise to a thumbaround.
House and Chase are occasionally seen spinning pens in the television show House, usually doing ThumbArounds, Half Taps or Fingerpasses.
Pen spinning is also occasionally seen in the television show NUMB3RS
Although technically not pen spinning, drummers will sometimes perform charges with their drumsticks, such as Dave Mackintosh of Dragonforce or Andrew Forsman of The Fall of Troy (as showcased in the video for the song "F.C.P.R.R.E.M.I.X.").
It is understood that a Japanese pen spinner named Hideaki Kondoh was one of the first pen spinners to start a pen spinning website. 
David Letterman is known to spin his pen while sitting at his desk during the Late Show with David Letterman.
Female Singer Kim Taeyeon (Girls' Generation) is often seen spinning Charge during MBC Chin Chin Bora (Viewable Radio) as a DJ.
Pemmasani Nayaks
Among them, Pemmasani clan which earned laurels for their bravery and defense of Vijayanagar Empire in the coming four centuries was the most illustrious. 
Generations of Pemmasani clan were commanders for various dynasties of Vijayanagar Empire.
Proudha Devaraya gifted the Yadaki Paragana to Timma Nayudu in 1431 as recognition of his valour in many a battle with Muslims.
A branch of Pemmasani clan belong to Musunurla gothram which point out their origin from the village Musunuru in Krishna district and their possible relation to the Musunuri Nayaks.
Pembroke College, Oxford
The most recent expansion of the college came in the 1960s, after the closure of Beef Lane to the north of Chapel Quad.
The private houses north of the closed road were acquired by the College in a piecemeal fashion and reversed so that access was only possible from the rear.
A modern annex was built near to college on the banks of the Isis at Grandpont, provides accommodation for almost a hundred undergraduates, usually those in their final year.
The building is commonly known as "The GAB", after being named after the diplomat Sir Geoffrey Arthur—a former master of the college (1975-1985). 
Pemberton Hall
"Pem girls" like to pass on ghost stories concerning the usually-locked fourth floor, and a plaque in the foyer dedicated to the building's first matron, Mary Hawkins.
Most versions of the story name Mary as the ghost who supposedly haunts the building. 
Some versions say the ghost is , still watching over her girls, while others say the ghost is actually the restless spirit of a former student murdered by a crazed janitor during a holiday break in some unspecified school year. 
The story is well known around EIU's campus, and is included in several. 
Peltarion (shield)
A 'peltarion', 'pelta' or 'pelte' was a crescent-shaped wicker shield commonly used in the ancient world before the 3rd century BCE and gradually replaced in some cases with the thureos.
It also usually had a carring strap to allow it to be slung from the back.
The shield was carried by many troops of period including the light Ancient Greek infantry known as Peltasts. 
Some Persia and other Eastern troops used shields similar to the pelte such as Later Achaemenid takabara. 
Pelléas et Mélisande (opera)
Composing the opera
Debussy's ideal of opera
Looking back in 1902, Debussy explained the protracted genesis of his only finished opera: "For a long time I had been striving to write music for the theatre, but the form in which I wanted it to be was so unusual that after several attempts I had given up on the idea."
There were many false starts before 'Pelléas et Mélisande'. 
In the 1880s the young composer had toyed with several opera projects ('Diane au Bois', 'Axël') before accepting a libretto on the theme of El Cid, entitled 'Rodrigue et Chimene', from the poet and Wagner aficionado Catulle Mendes.
At this point, Debussy too was a devotee of Wagner's music, but - eager to please his father - he was probably more swayed by Mendes' promise of a performance at the Paris Opéra and the money and reputation this would bring. 
Pellinore
'King Pellinore' is the king of Listenoise or of "the Isles" (possibly Anglesey, or perhaps the medieval kingdom of the same name), according to the Arthurian legend. 
Son of King Pellam and brother of Kings Pelles and Alain, he is most famous for his endless hunt of the Questing Beast, which he is tracking when King Arthur first meets him. 
Pellinore beats King Arthur after three jousts and breaks the sword Arthur had withdrawn from the stone (in some versions this is Excalibur, though he gets another sword of that name from the Lady of the Lake soon after.) 
He has many legitimate and illegitimate children; his sons Tor, Aglovale, Lamorak, Dornar, and Percival all eventually join the Round Table as well, and his unnamed daughter (see Dindrane) becomes a servant of the Holy Grail and helps Percival, Galahad and Bors achieve the mystical object.
Pellagra
Pellagra is common in Africa, Mexico, Indonesia, and China.
In affluent societies, a majority of patients with clinical pellagra are poor, homeless, alcohol dependent, or psychiatric patients who refuse food.
It was common amongst prisoners of Soviet labor camps, the infamous Gulag.
In addition, pellagra is a micronutrient deficiency disease that frequently affects populations of refugees and other displaced people due to their unique, long-term residential circumstances and dependence on food aid.
Pellaea andromedifolia
'Pellaea andromedifolia' is a species of cliff brake fern known by the common name 'coffee fern'.
This plant does not have the immediately recognizable sharply pointed leaflets on its fronds that many other ferns have. 
Its leaves bear rounded or oval-shaped segments widely spaced along the rachis.
Each segment may curl under along its edges.
Pell City, Alabama
This windstorm killed two people in a mobile home.
It remained for 14 miles (22 km) but this F2 rotation partially damaged a church, twenty-six homes and mobile homes including other buildings in Coal City.
Ninety other homes and mobile homes suffered minor to major destruction.
An additional twelve people were injured.
Pelican
The male brings the nesting material, ground-nesters (which may not build a nest) sometimes in the pouch and tree-nesters crosswise in the bill.
They may display when changing shifts.
All species lay at least two eggs, and hatching success for undisturbed pairs can be as high as 95 percent, but because of competition between siblings or outright siblicide, usually all but one nestling dies within the first few weeks (or later in the Pink-backed and Spot-billed species).
Before or especially after being fed, they may seem to have a seizure that ends in falling unconscious; the reason is not clearly known. 
Pelham High School
Literary Magazine - Pelham High School has an award-winning literary magazine that is one of the best in the state. 
They also won most entertaining band.
In 2008, at the Lake Martin Invitational the visual ensemble got "best in class" in all three groups.
They had the overall highest score of the day, and took home a bundle of awards.
Colorguard- state champions for four years running. participated in the World Indoor Division in Atlanta.
Acclaimed editor Nicholas Clemmons' departure left a huge void on the paper's staff that they will struggle to recover from for many years to come.
The Theatre Department has received the Critics Choice Award at the Alabama State Thespian Festival for 4 years.
Pelargonium graveolens
'Pelargonium graveolens' is a species in the 'Pelargonium' genus, which is indigenous to various parts of southern Africa, and in particular South Africa.
It is often called geranium as it falls within the plant family Geraniaceae, although more correctly, it is referred to as Pelargonium.
'P. graveolens' cultivars have a wide variety of smells, including rose, citrus, mint, coconut and nutmeg, as well as various fruits.
However, the most commercially important varieties are those that have rose scents.
Pelagornithidae
Historically, the disparate bones of the pseudotooth birds were spread across six groups: a number of genera described from leg bones was placed in a family 'Cyphornithidae', and considered close allies of the pelican family (Pelicanidae).
Subsequently, some allied them with the entirely spurious "family" "Cladornithidae" in a "pelecaniform" suborder "Cladornithes". 
'Pelagornis' meanwhile, described from wing bones, was traditionally placed in a monotypic "pelecaniform" family Pelagornithidae.
This was often assigned either to the gannet and cormorant suborder Sulae (which was formerly treated as superfamily Sulides in suborder Pelecanae), or to the Odontopterygia.
Pelagornithidae
A scenario of general ecological change - exacerbated by the beginning ice age and changes in ocean currents due to plate tectonic shifts (e.g. the emergence of the Antarctic circumpolar current or the closing of the Isthmus of Panama) - is more likely, with the pseudotooth birds as remnants of the world's Paleogene fauna ultimately failing to adapt.
In that respect it may be significant that some lineages of cetaceans , like the primitive dolphins of the Kentriodontidae or the shark-toothed whales (Squalodontoidea), flourished contemporary with the Pelagornithidae and became extinct at about the same time. 
Also, the modern diversity of pinniped and cetacean genera evolved largely around the Mio-Pliocene boundary, suggesting that many ecological niches emerged or became vacant. 
In that respect, it is conspicuous that the older pseudotooth birds are typically found in the same deposits as plotopterids and penguins, while younger forms were sympatric with auks, albatrosses, penguins and Procellariidae - which, however, underwent an adaptive radiation of considerable extent coincident (and probably caused by) with the final demise of the Paleogene-type trophic web. 
Pelagius
A few months later in December of 415, another synod in Diospolis (Lydda) under a Cesarean bishop was called by two deposed bishops who came to Palestine.
Pelagius explained to the synod that he did believe God was necessary for salvation because every human is created by God.
He also claimed that many works of Celestius did not represent his own views. 
He also showed letters of recommendation by other authoritative figures including Augustine himself who, for all their disagreements, thought highly of Pelagius' character.
Pei Hwa Secondary School
The school's most ambitious community project to date.
Completed in 2007, this Heritage trail features the many aspects of the small neighbourhood just a short distance away from the school. 
Teams covered the historical, scientific and the scenic aspects of Jalan Kayu, documenting information through various mediums.
The is a consolidation of the work put in by the various groups , and the is a historical archive of the information found along the way. 
Peggy Scott-Adams
One of the Jimmy Lewis songs was a novelty track which twisted the common complaint of a wife keeping her man faithful.
The twist was that her man had romantic and sexual desires for another man.
Released as a single the song, "Bill", initially just to blues radio stations, it also began getting airplay on Urban contemporary radio and soon gained most-requested status at several larger stations. 
The music video to "Bill" also became popular.
Peggy Cripps
The announcement of their engagement in 1953 produced a firestorm of comment in Britain and around the world; and when Peggy Cripps and Joe Appiah were married in June 1953, the occasion was front-page news in Britain, in Ghana, and many other countries and the event was one of the social events of the year. 
George Padmore, the West Indian Pan-Africanist was best man, deputising for Kwame Nkrumah, who was too busy as the new leader of Government Business to attend himself.
A Jamaican newspaper commented that there were "top-hatted and frock-coated British aristocrats... ex-Cabinet Ministers... as well as several Tory and Socialist members of Parliament." 
The real attraction, however, was the kente cloth worn not only by the bridegroom but by many of his friends. 
Pegasus Seiya
Although Seiya began his journey as a Bronze Saint, the lowest of three ranks, his abilities gradually grow to rival those of the Gold Saints, the most powerful of Athena's soldiers.
His most-seen technique is the which initially allows him to send a large number of punches in a second. 
Seiya starts this attack at Mach 1 speed, and later develops it to achieve lightspeed for a few seconds.
His most powerful technique is , where he grabs hold of his opponent from the back, soars miles into the air, then suicide-dives head-first into the ground. 
Peerage law
The letters patent directed that, if the holder of the barony ever succeeded to the earldom, then he would be automatically deprived of the barony as if he died naturally without issue, the barony being diverted to another line.
By succeeding to the earldom, he was deprived of the Barony of Buckhurst, which was then claimed by a third brother, Mortimer.
Note, however, that it is possible to prevent a person from succeeding to a peerage in the first place, but not possible to deprive a person of a peerage after having succeeded to it.
On the other hand, Reginald Sackville-West succeeded to the barony but was later stripped of it-an impermissible action.
Peer supervision groups
'Peer Supervision Groups' are professional support groups in the helping professions that provide a safe place to explore the personal and professional development of the practitioner.
Professional Peer Supervision Groups provide a forum for self care that is essential when working with others in professions that require that the therapists/practitioners to give so much of themselves.
Peer Supervision Groups are a safe place to explore issues such as why do we help others, dual relationships, transference and counter-transference and other issues that are arise in a therapeutic relationship.
It is often an expression of the help we need ourselves.
Peer review failure
A few cases of plagiarism by historians have been widely publicized. 
An author often uses autoplagiarism to pad their list of publications.
Sometimes reviewers detect cases of likely plagiarism and bring them to the attention of the editor. 
Reviewers generally lack access to raw data, but do see the full text of the manuscript, and are typically familiar with recent publications in the area. 
Peer review
Journals or individual editors often invite a manuscript's authors to name people whom they consider qualified to referee their work.
Indeed, for a number of journals this is a requirement of submission. 
Authors are sometimes also invited to name natural candidates who should be 'disqualified', in which case they may be asked to provide justification (typically expressed in terms of conflict of interest).
In some disciplines , scholars listed in an "acknowledgements" section are not allowed to serve as referees (hence the occasional practice of using this section to disqualify potentially negative reviewers). 
Peer review
Before then, its application was lax in other scientific fields.
For example, Albert Einstein's revolutionary "Annus Mirabilis" papers in the 1905 issue of 'Annalen der Physik' were not peer-reviewed by anyone other than the journal's editor in chief, Max Planck (the father of quantum theory), and its co-editor, Wilhelm Wien. 
Although clearly peers (both won Nobel prizes in physics), a formal panel of reviewers was not sought, as is done for many scientific journals today. 
In a recent editorial in 'Nature', it was stated that "in journals in those days, the burden of proof was generally on the opponents rather than the proponents of new ideas."
Peer mentoring
In general, cross-age mentoring programs can involve a tutoring or teaching component, personal mentorship and guidance, or both, and maintains many of the advantages inherent in other forms of peer mentorship. 
Because student mentors are closer in age, knowledge, authority and cognitive development than adult mentors, mentorees often feel freer to express ideas, ask questions, and take risks.
These similarities also make it easier for mentors to understand personal and academic problems that the mentoree may be experiencing, and present solutions in a more understandable and relevant way.
The specific benefits of cross-age mentoring/tutoring are numerous , and are briefly described here in three main categories: increased academic achievement, improved interpersonal skills, and personal development. 
Peer Leadership Program
The 'Peer Leadership Program', often known as 'Peer', is a school-run organization that looks upon upperclassmen to help ease the transition of freshmen to high school.
Now found in many high schools and colleges across the United States, the Peer Program focuses on team building in creating trust and friendship throughout the school community. 
Before meeting with smaller groups of newcomers the larger Peer organization is trained to deal with the psychological and emotional needs the newcomers may express.
Steven Schultz, a peer leader at South Brunswick High School, is credited with introducing many new reforms of peer leadership and development at the 2006-2007 New Jersey Peer Retreat. 
Peeps (novel)
Unlike many of the victims of the parasite, however, he is a carrier; thus receiving all of the perks of the parasite without the extreme down sides.
Less fortunate people infected with the parasite are repelled by which they once loved and are turned cannibalistic, and, unless contained, will spread the parasite to other unfortunate victims.
Cal still experiences some of the effects of the parasite, such as craving meat and always feeling sexually aroused, by which means the parasite can be spread.
Cal has been recruited to hunt down other parasite positives, referred to as "Peeps" (Parasite Positives), beginning with his ex-girlfriends who he has infected.
Peeps (novel)
The parasite featured in the novel is portrayed as being the source of many myths and legends. 
The parasite causes dementia and cannibalism, which were suggested as causing legends of most notably vampires, but also werewolves and zombies, among others. 
These superior ability are shown in the novel several times by Cal.
He claims to need to tape over the light of his DVD player to be able to sleep at night, as well as being able to read fine print by starlight.
Peep show
19th century Chinese peep shows were known by many names including 'la yang p'ien' ("pulling foreign picture cards"). 
Sometimes the showman would perform for a crowd with puppets or pictures outside the box and then charge people extra to look through the holes.
The box had six holes through which people could see scenes backlit by a central candle.
Other common subjects in peep shows throughout the world have been exotic views and animals, scenes of classical drama or masques, court ceremonies, surprise transformations (e.g., of an angel into a devil) and of course, lewd pictures.
Peekskill Riots
Previously three concerts had been performed by Paul Robeson in Peekskill without incident, but in recent years Robeson had been increasingly vocal against the Ku Klux Klan and other forces of white supremacy, both domestically and internationally.
Robeson had also appeared before the House Committee on Un-American Activities to oppose a bill that would require Communists to register as foreign agents, and, just months before the concert in 1949, he had appeared at the World Peace Conference in Paris, stating "it is unthinkable that American Negroes will go to war in behalf of those who have oppressed us for generations... against a country which in one generation has raised our people to the full dignity of mankind."
In the early stages of the Cold War and Red scare, and its accompanying wide anti-Communist sentiments, such a comment was seen by many as very anti-American. 
The local paper, The Peekskill Evening Star, condemned the concert and encouraged people to make their position on Communism felt, but fell short of espousing violence.
There was a racial element to the riots including burning crosses and lynches in effigy of Robeson both in Peekskill and in other areas of the United States.
Pee Dee (tribe)
The legacy of this assimilation led to a number of issues in the 20th Century. 
Since many Pee Dee were already of mixed ancestry, people began to pass in order to make their day to day lives easier.
Those whose complexions were darker were often forced to go to "black" schools.
However, there were a few Indian schools around the Neeses, South Carolina and Charleston, South Carolina areas during that time.
Pedro de Aranda
A similar accusation was made at the same time against another bishop, Juan Arias Davila, of Segovia.
As a result, both bishops were summoned to Rome, where subsequently several distinctions were accorded to Davila, who during the remainder of his life enjoyed high honors. 
He was arraigned for having taken food before mass and for having desecrated, by scratching, a crucifix and other holy images.
Observing the pope's resolve to imprison Aranda, Garcilaso pointed out the suspicion that was likely to arise in the popular mind from the anomalous incarceration of Aranda while the Marrano delegates, indubitable heretics, were granted favor and freedom. 
Pedro Penduko at ang mga Engkantao
In the other hand, a different accident happened in Makati City.
Another incident took place in Tondo, Manila, where an evil monster came out of the garbage dump, and attacked the people.
Also another incident happened in Luneta Grandstand, Manila, whena group of criminals captured people. 
Moy, the last Engkantao, used his powers to kill the snakes, that were attacking the people.
Pedro Ortiz Davila
Davilita became very popular in the New York Latin scene and was soon working with many Latin artists. 
Davilita accepted and became the lead singer in many of Flores' boleros. 
He traveled to many countries with the sexteto. 
In 1954, Davilita had returned to Puerto Rico where he joined Felipe "La Voz" Rodriguez and together formed a duo.
Even though Davilita's voice wasn't as sharp as when he was young, they were able to score many "hits". 
Pedro Munoz
In fact, one of its streets refers to the same (street Agreement), and is an event related in some academic books on the topic. 
It was of such magnitude that several hundred year old cypress trees in the local cemetery were uprooted and fell on surrounding tombstones.
The swimming pool was crowded with people (minutes before the thermometer marked more than 40 °C) and there was mass panic.
Coincidentally, another August 12, but in 2007 an earthquake (magnitude 5.1 on the Richter scale) with its epicenter in the municipality of Pedro Munoz shook most of the Iberian peninsula.
Pedro II of Brazil
The Emperor had an unhappy and solitary childhood.
He was considered precocious, docile and obedient,Besouchet, p.50 but was always crying and nothing seemed to please him. 
For the most part of his the time he was surrounded by employees who only had permission to speak to him when questioned.
The way Pedro II was raised made him become a shy and needy person who tried to escape from reality by making “books another world where he could isolate and protect himself”.
"The only means available to him for holding that world at bay lay within himself.
Learning, and above all books, opened for the child another and more friendly existence."
Pedro Calderón de la Barca
Calderón was a perfectionist who often revisited and reworked his plays, even long after they debuted.
This perfectionism was not just limited to his own work: many of his plays rework existing plays or scenes by other dramatists, improving their depth, complexity, and unity. 
Calderón excelled above all others in the genre of the "auto sacramental", in which he showed a seemingly inexhaustible capacity to giving new dramatic forms to a given set of theological constructs.
Although his fame dwindled during the 18th century, he was rediscovered by Goethe, who translated his works into German, and from that point on, he has been widely considered as one of the finest playwrights of the western baroque world. 
Pedro Bravo de Acuna
The Audiencia wished to drive a number of Japanese from the city, but when this was attempted and force employed, the Japanese resisted, and the matter came to such a pass that they took arms to oppose it.
The affair assumed threatening proportions, and some on each side wished to give battle. 
However, battle was postponed by various means until, through the efforts of certain religious , the Japanese were quieted. 
Afterward as many as possible were embarked in vessels, much against their will.
Pedro Bohórquez
'Pedro Chamijo' (1602, Granada, Spain-January 3, 1667, Lima, Peru), more commonly known as 'Pedro Bohórquez' or 'Inca Hualpa', was a Spanish adventurer in the Viceroyalty of Peru. 
He was probably born in Spain, but some sources say he was born in Quito. 
After trying to make his fortune in various schemes in Peru, around 1656 he had himself crowned Inca (emperor) of the Calchaquíes Indians, fooling not only the Indians, but also Spanish government and clerical officials.
His almost legendary story is an example of the picaresque, with a tragic ending. 
Pedro Berruguete
'Pedro Berruguete' (c. 1450 - 1504) was a Spanish painter; his art is regarded as a transitional style between gothic and Renaissance.
Born in Paredes de Nava, Spain, he went to Italy in 1480 and worked in Federigo da Montefeltro's court in Urbino, where he could see some works by Melozzo da Forli. 
He came back to Spain in 1482 and painted in several cities, such as Sevilla, Toledo and Ávila.
He was the father of an important sculptor, Alonso Berruguete, considered the most important sculptor in Renaissance Spain. 
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón
The story is an adaptation of a popular tradition and provides a lively picture of village life in Alarcón's native region of Andalusia.
Alarcón wrote another popular short novel, 'El capitán Veneno' ('Captain Poison', 1881).
He produced four other full-length novels.
Alarcón also wrote three travel books and many short stories and essays.
Pedophilia
There are generally large distinctions between the two types of offenders' characteristics.
Situational offenders tend to offend at times of stress; have a later onset of offending; have fewer, often familial victims; and have a general preference for adult partners.
Pedophilic offenders, however, often start offending at an early age; often have a large number of victims who are frequently extrafamilial; are more inwardly driven to offend; and have values or beliefs that strongly support an offense lifestyle.
Research suggests that incest offenders recidivate at approximately half the rate of extrafamilial child molesters, and one study estimated that by the time of entry to treatment, nonincestuous pedophiles who molest boys had committed an average of 282 offenses against 150 victims. 
Pedicularis densiflora
'Pedicularis densiflora', known commonly as 'Indian warrior', is a plant of the lousewort genus in the broomrape family.
Like others of its genus, it is a root parasite, attaching to the roots of other plants to obtain nutrients and water.
This species is a facultative parasite, or hemiparasite, in that it can live without attaching to another plant but will parasitize if presented with the opportunity.
It often parasitizes plants of the heath family, such as manzanita.
Pediatrics
Depending on jurisdiction and university, a medical degree course may be either undergraduate-entry or graduate-entry.
The former commonly takes five or six years, and has been usual in the Commonwealth.
Entrants to graduate-entry courses (as in the USA), usually lasting four or five years, have previously completed a three- or four-year university degree, commonly but by no means always in sciences.
This degree qualifies that medical practitioner to become licensed or registered under the laws of that particular country, and sometimes of several countries , subject to requirements for "internship" or "conditional registration". 
Pedestrian crossing
Special markings are often made on the road surface, both to direct pedestrians and to prevent motorists from stopping vehicles in the way of foot traffic.
There are many varieties of signal and marking layouts around the world and even within single countries. 
In the United States, there are many inconsistencies , although the variations are usually minor. 
There are several distinct types in the United Kingdom, each with their own name. 
Pederasty in ancient Greece
Pederasty was constructed in various ways.
In some areas , such as 'Boeotia', the man and boy were formally joined together and lived as a couple. 
In other areas, such as Elis, boys were persuaded by means of gifts, and in a few, such as Ionia, such relations were forbidden altogether.
By contrast, the Spartans were said to have practised chaste pederasty. 
Peddapally
The town manages to hold a few historical places of interest. 
These include courtyards of kings and a few palaces that are fondly called 'Devidi'. 
A few sprawling grounds are available for sport officianados, and it is a common sight to see a crowd of people trying to showcase their cricketing spirit in multiple places within the town. 
There are a few cinemas, theatres and restaurants. 
Peddapalli
The town manages to hold a few historical places of interest. 
These include courtyards of kings and a few palaces that are fondly called 'Devidi'. 
A few sprawling grounds are available for sport officianados, and it is a common sight to see a crowd of people trying to showcase their cricketing spirit in multiple places within the town. 
There are a few cinemas, theatres and restaurants. 
Pedal keyboard
Several sources , including an encyclopedia on the organ, claim that the pedalboard design improvements of the 1600s allowed the organist to actuate the pedals either with the toe of the foot or with the heel. 
However, organist Ton Koopman argues that "Bach's complete oeuvre [can be played] with the pedal technique of his time, in other words without the use of the heel."
Koopman claims that in "Bach's day toe and heel pedalling was not yet known, as is evident from his organ works, in which all the pedal parts can be played with the toe."
A critic for the 'New York Times' in 1895 argued that this may explain why Handel's published organ works are generally lighter-sounding than those of J.S. Bach.
Pedal keyboard
In the 1990s, standalone electronic MIDI controller pedalboards became widely available.
In jazz organ trios, a keyboardist using this type of pedalboard will usually connect it to a MIDI-compatible electronic Hammond organ-style keyboard.
On modern electronic synthesizers such as the Yamaha Electone, the pedals are not limited to traditional bass notes but may instead produce many different types of sounds , including high-register tones. 
Larger 25-note Roland pedalboards also include an expression pedal for controlling the volume or other parameters.
Pedal harp
There are no other chordophones except various types of harps.
Harps have been found in ancient Sumerian ruins, thousands of years B.C.E.
They were common to the Hebrew tribes, the Egyptians, and in Asian cultures as well.
The Spanish brought harps to Latin America where they became widespread in use.
Lyon and Healy, Camac Harps, and other manufacturers also make electric pedal harps.
Pedakurapadu
Initially the people of surname Kurapati were migrated to this place, so this village was got named with their surname.
Pedakurapadu was the major panchayathi having the facilities like water supply, lower primary school, upper primary school, 30-bed government hospital, petrol bunk, bus station and railway station.
Here most of them depend on cultivation. 
The big asset of the village are hard working farmers and daily labors produce good quality of rice and chillies.
From last one decade many were become professionally educated and been well settled in IT and other related sectors. 
Pecan Park, Houston
Pecan Park is located approximately south of downtown Houston inside Interstate 610 to the east of Interstate 45 in the East End area.
The name Pecan Park generally refers to the larger neighborhood, of which there are over 30 individual subdivisions, with Pecan Park being the largest.
The original streets were paved in shell, with asphalt paving becoming widespread during the 1930s and 1940s, when the majority of the homes in the area were constructed.
The area was nearly completely built out by 1955, with the homes being examples of typical middle class residential architecture for Houston at the time; Bungalow, both brick and wood sided, Cape Cod, early Ranch and many mildly Tudor influenced English Cottages.
Pebbles, Volume 10 (LP)
The Five Americans are known for their hit song "Western Union".
The Ides of March had a quite different hit song several years after this track was recorded called "Vehicle" (referred to on the liner notes of this album as a "horn dirge").
The marvelous cover of "The Train Kept A-Rollin'" by Steve Walker & the Bold is played much faster than most other recordings of this classic.
The Ugly Ducklings are one of several Canadian bands whose songs are sprinkled on the albums in the Pebbles series. 
Pebble Mine
The plaintiffs are seeking, among other things, an injunction voiding the existing permits, including water-use permits, issued to Pebble Limited Partnership, Pebble East Corp., and Pebble West Corp. by the State of Alaska Department of Natural Resources.
The injunction being sought is specific to Pebble permits and would not directly apply to other mineral exploration projects (or to mining operations) in the state.
The suit alleges that the DNR's "pattern of permitting," is defective because it has not been sufficiently rigorous in determining that issuing a permit will best serve public interest, as demonstrated by a lack of documented scientific studies by the DNR and by a lack of public review and input, prior to issuing routine permits.
A Declaration by one of the plaintiffs references the Commentary on Article VIII on State Lands and Natural Resources of December 15, 1955; "As requirements change and many tasks become routine, appropriate modifications can be made in procedures if rigid requirements are not specified in the Constitution itself."
Peaslake
Although the whole parish has a population of around 1,500, only a few dozen houses make up the main centre of the village.
Access to the village by car can only be gained by using roads which are at some point single track, which gives visitor the feel that it is more remote than it actually is. 
Although a popular destination for tourists, this apparent remoteness makes it quieter than other local villages (Shere in particular) for visitors.
The attractive nature of the village means it is often used for TV location filming.
Peasants' Revolt
Events leading to the revolt
The poll tax
The revolt was precipitated by heavy-handed attempts to enforce the third poll tax, first levied in 1377 supposedly to finance military campaigns overseas - a continuation of the Hundred Years' War initiated by King Edward III of England.
The third poll tax was not levied at a flat rate (as in 1377) nor according to schedule (as in 1379); instead it allowed some of the poor to pay a reduced rate, while others who were equally poor had to pay the full tax, prompting calls of injustice. 
The youth of King Richard II (aged only 14) was another reason for the uprising: a group of unpopular men ruled in his stead.
These included John of Gaunt (the acting regent), Simon Sudbury (Lord Chancellor and Archbishop of Canterbury, who was the figurehead to what many then saw as a corrupt Church) and Sir Robert Hales (the Lord Treasurer, responsible for the poll tax). 
Peasant
In many pre-industrial societies , peasants comprised the bulk of the population. 
Peasant societies often had well developed social support networks.
Especially in harder climates, members of the community who had a poor harvest or suffered other hardships were taken care of by the rest of the community.
Peasants usually only had one set of clothing, two at most.
Pearling in Western Australia
A number of enterprises were established, using Japanese divers who were considered to be both hardworking and highly skilled. 
In, 1861, when the larger 'Pinctada maxima' oyster, which produced high quality mother-of-pearl shell, was discovered by naturalist Pemberton Walcott in areas north of Nickol Bay near present day Karratha, the industry developed by Charles Broadhurst and others spread rapidly during the 1880s along the north west coast. 
By 1910, nearly 400 pearling luggers and more than 3500 people were fishing for shell in waters around Broome, making it the world's largest pearling centre.
The majority of the workers were Japanese and Malaysian, but also included were Chinese, Filipino, Amborese, Koepanger (Timorese) and Makassan, as well as Indigenous Australians and people from Europe.
Pearlescent coatings
Such films consist basically of continuous, non-pigmented inorganic or organic polymeric materials, which are manufactured in a thickness of a few to several hundred micrometers.
Effect pigments, on the other hand, generate their optical attractiveness in the application system because of the ability of easy parallel orientation of a multitude of platelet-like particles.
Also in powder coating applications, where an optimal orientation of the pigment platelets is difficult in some cases , strong lustrous color effects are achievable. 
Reflection, multiple reflection, and interference is here likewise possible, also under circumstances where the particles are partly disoriented, only the achieved effects can be different.
Pearl River High School (New York)
Pearl River High School has a few notable, long-standing events that make it unique, especially for its gradutating seniors.
Every year, students take the liberty of creating a new design for a wall on the high school's tennis court, and as a class put the design into action by taking a few days before graduation to paint their ideas on the wall.
A picture of the most recent graduating class' wall design can be seen at.
There is catered food and entertainment throughout the night usually including a hypnotist, DJ, and recreational equipment.
Pearl Harbor advance-knowledge debate
There is also a claim , first asserted in Toland's 'Infamy', ONI knew about Japanese carrier movements. 
However, the diary uses the Dutch abbreviation 'beW', meaning "westerly", contradicting Toland's claim.
Nor did any other persons present at the briefings report hearing Toland's version.
Toland has made other conflicting and incorrect claims about the diary during lectures at the Holocaust denial organization the Institute for Historical Review. 
Pearl
The nucleus is generally a polished bead made from freshwater mussel shell.
Along with a small piece of mantle tissue from another mollusk to serve as a catalyst for the pearl sac, it is surgically implanted into the gonad (reproductive organ) of a saltwater mollusk.
In freshwater perliculture, only the piece of tissue is used in most cases, and is inserted into the fleshy mantle of the host mussel.
South Sea and Tahitian pearl oysters, also known as 'Pinctada maxima' and 'Pinctada margaritifera', which survive the subsequent surgery to remove the finished pearl, are often implanted with a new, larger nucleus as part of the same procedure and then returned to the water for another 2–3 years of growth.
Pear Tree, Derby
The name of the district as recorded on Ordnance Survey maps is Pear Tree, although the alternative spelling Peartree is also common locally.
The Peartree variant is used by the railway station, the police station and the NHS clinic; this is also the more commonly used name by local businesses.
With regard to local street names, the two word version is officially in use (Pear Tree Road, Crescent, Street), but this is usually reflected in older (pre-Second World War) street signs, more modern signs usually use Peartree.
In some instances these have been placed directly opposite older Pear Tree signage. 
Peanuts
'Peanuts' had several recurring characters that were actually absent from view. 
Some, such as the Great Pumpkin or Manfred von Richthofen (the Red Baron), may or may not have been figments of the cast's imaginations. 
After some early anomalies , adult figures never appeared in the strip. 
There are, however, pictures of adult hands in strips and Charlie Brown's father's voice in others.
Peanut
Peanut oil is often used in cooking, because it has a mild flavor and burns at a relatively high temperature.
Under the name 'Plumpy'nut' 100 g (3.5 ounces), two small bags per day are given by the World Health Organization as a surviving base to many children in Africa.
Peanuts are often a major ingredient in mixed nuts because of their inexpensiveness compared to Brazil nuts, cashews, walnuts, and so on.
The U.S. airline industry used to be a relatively large purchaser of peanuts for serving during flights (6 million lb / 3 million kg annually) before the nuts were removed from flights by many airlines (largely due to allergy concerns, but also due to cost). 
Peaked cap
The crown is one color, often white for navies, light blue for air forces, and green for armies, and may be piped around the edge in a different color.
The band can be one color, often black, or can be striped, vertically or horizontally.
Most caps have some form of cap device (or cap badge). 
The peak or visor is short, historically made of leather, or in newer caps may be a shiny plastic.
Peak Fitness Racing
Sadler fielded the #13 Ford Taurus sponsored by the Virginia Lottery for three races that year, his best finish was a 27th at Dover.
The team switched to Chevrolet and #02 for 2002, starting eight races and having a variety of different sponsorships. 2004 saw the car field a ride for a variety of drivers including Carl Long, Andy Belmont, and Jason Jarrett, as well as Sadler himself for 16 races.
The team also fielded an entry for three races in 2002 in the Busch Series, with a best finish of 29th.
They ran an additional three races in 2003, again getting a best finish of 29th.
Peak District
The Peak District provides opportunities for many types of outdoor activity.
An extensive network of public footpaths and numerous long-distance trails, over in total, as well as large open-access areas, are available for hillwalking and hiking.
Bridleways are commonly used by mountain bikers, as well as horse riders.
Wheelchair access is possible at several places on the former railway trails, and cycle hire centres offer vehicles adapted to wheelchair users. 
Peach-faced Lovebird colour genetics
A bird that has only one recessive gene for a specific trait is said to be “split” for that trait.
Thus, a bird who receives a green base-color gene from one parent and a blue-series gene from the other parent would be visually Wild Green, as Green is dominant, but “split” for the blue trait.
Beyond the base coloring of a Peachfaced Lovebird, there are mutations that exist independently of any other mutation.
As with the base-color recessive traits, a bird that has only one recessive gene from one parent’s contributed genetic code is said to be “split” for that trait.
Sex-linked traits are a little bit more complex because these recessive traits are carried on the genetic information which determines the gender of a bird.
These genes are usually referred to in simplified terms as “X” and “Y” genes.
Peace in Islamic philosophy
Islam is a monotheistic religion and according to 'Quran' all people are children of Adam.
Satan is considered the enemy of humanity, causing enmity among all people.
The series of prophets and messengers coming from God through out the ages is to call the people again towards their innate identity of love and friendship.
The individual who will recognize his true nature on which every person is created will be able to live together in society with peace and affection to each other.
In his Last Sermon, the Prophet Muhammad admonished believers:
Peace and conflict studies
There have been many offerings on conceptions of peace/ or multiple forms of peace. 
These range from the well known works of Kant, Locke, Rousseau, Paine, on various liberal international and constitutional and plans for peace. 
Variations and additions have been developed more recently by scholars such as Raymond Aron, Edward Azar, John Burton, Martin Ceadal, Kevin Dooley, Johan Galtung, Michael Howard, Vivienne Jabri, Jean-Paul Lederach, Roger Mac Ginty, Hugh Miall, David Mitrany, Oliver Ramsbotham, Anatol Rapoport, Mikkel Vedby Rasmussen, Oliver Richmond, S.P. Udayakumar, Tom Woodhouse, others mentioned above and many more.
Democratic peace, liberal peace, sustainable peace, civil peace, and other concepts are regularly used in such work.
Peace and conflict studies
Critical theory is also widely used in peace and conflict studies. 
Multilevel.
Peace Studies examines intrapersonal peace, peace between individuals, neighbours, ethnic groups, states and civilisations.
Multicultural.
Gandhi is often cited as a paradigm of Peace Studies.
However, true multiculturalism remains an aspiration as most Peace Studies centres are located in the West.
Both analytic and normative.
Peace Dollar
The coin almost made a return in 1964, when Congress approved the mintage of 45 million new silver dollars to fulfill the needs of the booming casino industry in Nevada..
Retrieved June 25, 2006. The decision was controversial due to a critical silver shortage in 1965, which led to widespread hoarding of silver coinage..
But under pressure from some members of Congress from the Western states, President Lyndon B. Johnson issued an order on May 15, 1965 to resume production of the Peace Dollar. 
Although rumors persist that some examples still survive, owning them is illegal, making it unlikely that anyone who does own one will ever come forth publicly. 
Pea Ridge, Arkansas
But, it is known that the Osage Indians were roaming on lands north of the Arkansas River. 
They were a fearless, happy people who were more settled than the Osage.
It is known that the tribes of this area were more settled and were actually farmers in their way. 
The town's namesake wild peas are believed to be a product of this early farming, since it would have taken many years of preparation and cultivation to produce them. 
Who Lived in Our Area Before Our Ancestors Came?
Pea
In modern times, however, peas are usually boiled or steamed, which breaks down the cell walls and makes the taste sweeter and the nutrients more bio-available.
Along with broad beans and lentils, these formed an important part of the diet of most people in Europe during the Middle Ages (Bianchini 1975 p 40).
By the 1600s and 1700s it had become popular to eat peas "green", that is, while they are immature and right after they are picked.
This was especially true in France and England, where the eating of green peas was said to be "both a fashion and a madness" (OSU 2006).
Pazz & Jop
The 'Pazz & Jop' critics' poll is a poll of music critics run by 'The Village Voice' newspaper.
It is compiled every year from the top ten lists of hundreds of music critics (roughly 800 in the 2004 poll).
Since the poll's inception, critics have been invited to award their ten albums a total of 100 points, with each album receiving a maximum of 30 points and a minimum of 5.
Through the years, other lists have been elicited from poll respondents, including local bands (early 80s), EP's ('80s), videos (much of the 80s), reissues (late 80s-early 90s) and compilations (mid-90s). 
Pazardzhik Province
The slopes are covered with dense deciduous and higher up, coniferous forests, dotted with numerous artificial lakes.
The largest one is the Batak Dam, on whose shores are built two resorts: 'Tsigov Chark' and 'Saint Konstantin' as well as many villas and shrines.
Fish is abundant in the dams, including carp, rudd, roach barbel, perch, zander and many others; the mountain streams are rich in trout.
The most famous landmarks are located in Panagyurishte, Pazardzhik, Batak, Velingrad.
Pays de Caux
Rescue archaeology undertaken on the line of the A29 autoroute revealed several Gallo-Roman villas. 
One of the most important is that of Sainte-Marguerite-sur-Mer, on the coast to the west of Dieppe. 
The archaeologists found a complex of several rooms, organised around a square court.
To the north, the baths and other rooms were heated by hypocausts.
Payload abstraction
The fact that different protocols allow different data types may lead to problems in payload definition.
That is, a system must either determine at design time all possible service protocol implementations that might be used by their service for all time, or a payload must be designed with “least common denominator” data types.
For example, a Java based direct call Service Protocol implementation would likely allow any Java type to be sent.
In order to dynamically switch from one protocol to another, the payload design must implement only the simplest types which all protocols will accept without error, or use Payload Abstraction.
Payette River
There are five major impoundments in the Payette basin: Black Canyon, Sage Hen, Paddock, Cascade, and Deadwood reservoirs.
There are also several small impoundments and natural lakes with increased storage, such as the three Payette Lakes.
Sand from upstream land disturbances has covered most of the habitat.
Cascade Reservoir on the North Fork is one of the most heavily fished waters in the state. 
Pay jail
Inmates are allowed to bring an iPod, cellphone, or laptop in their cell or watch TV in the common room.
Some may even get to leave during the day to go to work. 
Prisoners are safe from prison gangs and other dangerous prisoners.
They may have their food delivered to their cell rather than going the jail's cafeteria or they may choose to enjoy meals brought by their families during visiting hours.
Pay 'n Save
'Malmo Nursery' was a chain of garden stores, which operated the garden centers at Ernst stores and several free standing stores. 
Purchased by O'Reilly Auto Parts on July 11, 2008 for approximately 1 billion dollars, also receiving 500 million of CKS's debt Now operating as Schuck's O'Reilly Auto Parts.
Alaska stores kept for a few years.
Sold to their employees and later closed in 1995 due after increasing competition from other major retailers. 
Paxton Media Group
In September 2007, Paxton purchased the 'Herald-Argus' of La Porte, Indiana amidst rumors that the paper would either be moved, merged, or have its staff severely cut, due to the recent acquisition of a number of rural newspapers in northern Indiana.
In order to allay those rumors, then-publisher John A. Newby wrote a column that firmly stated that the 'Herald-Argus' was profitable and "lean" and therefore would not see any dramatic changes.
Despite published claims to the contrary, in October, shortly after taking over operation of the paper, Paxton Media laid-off about half its staff at the 'Herald-Argus' and moved its production location to that of the Paxton-owned 'Herald-Palladium' in St. Joseph, Michigan, which by Paxton's own admission, has negatively impacted the paper's ability to publish timely local news.
The remaining 'Herald-Argus' staffers and the staffers at other nearby Paxton-owned papers were specifically instructed not to publish information regarding the 'Herald-Argus' staff cuts and production changes.
Pawnbroker
If the pawnshop owner believes that there are "too many used TVs around these days in town", they may fear that they will only get $100 for the TV if they have to unload it to a wholesaler.
As such, the customer who comes in with this TV that they paid $1000 for when it was new may be offered as little as $50 by the pawnshop owner, who is taking into account all of the risk and cost factors.
In determining the amount of the loan, the pawnshop owner also assesses the likelihood that the customer will pay the interest for several weeks or months and then return to repay the loan and reclaim the item.
Since the key to the pawnshop business model is making interest off of the loaned money, pawnshop owners want to accept items that the customer is likely to want to recover, after having paid interest for a period on the loan.
Pawn storm
A pawn storm might therefore be most effective when the players have castled on opposite wings of the board.
Pawn storms are often performed injudiciously by very inexperienced players.
In general, a pawn storm is best left until the middlegame or the endgame.
The second diagram shows the position after: 1.d4 Nf6 2.c4 c5 3.d5 e6 4.Nc3 exd5 5.cxd5 d6 6.e4 g6 7.f4 Bg7 8.Nf3 0-0.
The Sicilian Defence, Dragon Variation is an opening that often leads to the players castling on opposite sides, which often soon leads to fierce pawn storms from both players.
Paweł Pawlikowski
In the late 1980s and '90s Pawlikowski was best known for his documentaries, whose unique blend of lyricism and irony won him many fans and awards around the world. 
'Moscow Pietushki' was a poetic journey into the world of the Russian cult writer Venedikt Erofeev, for which he won Emmy and RTS Awards and others.
Pawlikowski's most original and formally successful film was 'Serbian Epics' (1992) which, made at the height of the Bosnian war, included close up footage of Bosnian Serb politician Radovan Karadžić and General Ratko Mladić, the latter still wanted by the international court of justice, and the famous siege of Sarajevo. 
The oblique, ironic, imagistic, at times almost hypnotic study of myth-making and murder made aroused a storm of controversy and incomprehension at the time, but has now secured it something of a cult status.
Pavshino
The delegation made the immediate observation that three years after their first visit, the Pavshino facility "- in terms of material conditions, staff and medical care - was still clearly unsuitable for the needs of the people being held there."
They recommended that::
"ill treatment of persons deprived of liberty and verbal abuse is unacceptable and will be severely sanctioned":
"no more force than is necessary should be used when affecting an apprehension and that, once apprehended persons have been brought under control, there can be no justification for striking them"Whilst noting some improvements to the facility since the CPT visit of 2002, the 205 delegation noted that such developments were cancelled out by the fact that 393 detainees were occupying a space earmarked for 250. 
Some detainees merely had a mattress on the floor whilst others were sleeping two to a bed. 
In one room 21 men occupied 16m2 with only 14 beds.
Despite the assistance of humanitarian organisations, clothing and footwear was inadequate for the forthcoming winter, and that inmates had to use buckets or even plastic bags, as no other toilet facilities were available from 8pm to 8am.
Pavel Bure
Beginning to garner much attention in Vancouver, his first practice with the club on November 3, 1991, was attended by approximately 2,000 fans, a significantly large number as team practices are not typically well-attended. 
Despite being kept off the scoresheet in his NHL debut, Bure showcased his talent and speed with several end-to-end rushes, carrying the puck past several defenders from near his defensive zone to the opposing net.
In the last game of the regular season, Bure scored a goal to tie Ivan Hlinka's 1981–82 team mark for most points by a rookie.
Bure's addition to the Canucks lineup bolstered a core that featured Linden and goaltender Kirk McLean, a previous Vezina Trophy nominee in 1989 and 1992 as the league's best goaltender, helping the Canucks to their first of two consecutive Smythe Division titles.
Pav Bhaji
A vendor created this dish using items or parts of other dishes available on the menu.
Roti or rice was replaced with pav and the curries that usually go with Indian bread or rice were amalgamated into just one spicy concoction-the 'bhaji'.
With time the dish found its way into restaurants and spread over Central Mumbai and other parts of the city via the Udipi restaurants.
Such is popularity of this dish, that it is common to find it on the menu of most Indian restaurants serving fast food in Asia (especially Singapore, Hong Kong), America, UK (London), Switzerland and elsewhere.
Paulo Nascimento
Formed in 1997 by Paulo Nascimento and Phil Quenum, Access 58 soon established itself as one of the most powerful forces in techno in Europe. 
Access 58 tunes were hammered every single week by all the respected DJs in the techno scene such as : Jeff Mills, Carl Cox, Derrick May, Mr C, Laurent Garnier, Billy Nasty, Colin Dale and Adam Beyer to mention just a few.
Access 58 remixers and collaborators were Umek, Cari Lekebusch, The Advent, Steve Stoll, Pacou, Jamie Anderson, Colin Dale, Trevor Rockcliffe, Marco Lenzi, Mark Broom, Mark Williams and others.
Access 58 were the first (and probably the only) artists to perform live on the Colin Dale's legendary "Abstract Dance" weekly radio program on Kiss FM in London, England. 
Paulo Miklos
He is best known for his works for the band Titas, which he is a member since its beginning, in 1981. 
Singing and playing the harmonica and the sax are some of his most notable contributions for the band. 
As an actor he has appeared a few times on the movies and on the television.
His most notable work is Anísio, at the movie O Invasor. 
Paulins Kill
Birdwatchers have sighted a variety of common and endangered species of birds that inhabit the Paulins Kill valley.
More common species include: American Robin, Barn Swallow, Field Sparrow, Blue Jay, Black-capped Chickadee, Northern Cardinal, Red-winged Blackbird and the American Goldfinch.
Also sighted are several species of Woodpecker, including Red-headed, Red-bellied, and Downy, and the endangered Pileated Woodpecker, as well as the Yellow-bellied Sapsucker.
More rare birds sighted in the Paulins Kill valley include: Purple martin, Scarlet Tanager, Indigo Bunting, Baltimore Oriole, Purple Finch, and a variety of owls, notably the Barn, Eastern Screech, Great Horned, Snowy, Barred, and Northern Saw-whet Owl.
Pauline Fowler
The character’s narrative also included various feuds, most notably with the soap’s lothario Den Watts, a family-friend who gets Pauline's daughter Michelle pregnant at the age of 16.
'EastEnders' pulled in the biggest television audience of the 1980s when over 30 million people watched the 1986 Christmas Day episode in which Pauline discovers that Den is the father of her granddaughter, Vicki.
Wendy Richard has commented on the hostility between the characters "once Pauline realised that Dennis was Vicki's father, she was out to get him one way or another" and actor Leslie Grantham, who played Den, added "from then on it was out and out war, which was great!"
The feud appears to end in 1989 when the character Den is shot and presumed dead, but it is ignited once again in 2003 when Den is re-introduced, 14 years after he supposedly died. 
2005 saw Den killed off for the final time, and although Pauline is not directly responsible for killing him, the item used to bludgeon him to death turns out to be her dog-shaped iron doorstop, which has been described as “a nice touch of pathos”.
Paulie Gualtieri
When given control of the Soprano crew Paulie over saw all of Tony’s old business dealing, which included amongst others, the Paving Union, extorting drug dealers, the pump and dump scams, charging HMOs for fake MRI expenditures, fencing stolen cars, a phone card scam, gambling, loan sharking and the crew’s front businesses: Barone Sanitation and Massarone Construction.
Throughout the shows run other aspects of the crew's criminal activities developed or were revealed.
By season 5 Paulie's crew regained its position as one of the best earners in the family.
After Christopher's death, Patsy most likely took over the crew, since he had seniority. 
Pauli exclusion principle
The Pauli exclusion principle is one of the most important principles in physics, mainly because the three types of particles from which ordinary matter is made—electrons, protons, and neutrons—are all subject to it; consequently, all material particles exhibit space-occupying behavior. 
The Pauli exclusion principle underpins many of the characteristic properties of matter , from the large-scale stability of matter, to the existence of the periodic table of the elements. 
Apart from the familiar electron, proton and neutron, these include neutrinos and quarks (from which protons and neutrons are made), as well as some atoms like helium-3.
Particles with integer spin have a symmetric wave function and are called bosons; in contrast to fermions, they may share the same quantum states.
Paula Modersohn-Becker
Between 1900 and 1907, Paula made several extended trips to Paris for artistic purposes, sometimes living separately from her husband, Otto.
She visited contemporary exhibitions often, and was particularly intrigued with the work of Paul Cézanne.
Fauve influences may also appear in such works as.
The influence by the work of French painter, Jean-Francois Millet, who was widely admired among the artists in the Worpswede group, may be seen in such pieces as her 1900 'Peat Cutters'.
Paul von Lilienfeld
It would hardly be possible to arouse American sociologists to very lively controversy over what remains in dispute. 
The men among us who make most use of the organic concept are satisfied that their opponents disagree with them only verbally, so far as the essential idea is concerned.
Since these differences relate to details and not to essentials, even the most zealous friends of the organic concept are satisfied that it can now take care of itself.
They are content to assume that it is taken for granted, and their interest is transferred to other fields (Small 1898: 412).
Paul Williams (politician)
His views were almost polar opposites of those held by the new Conservative leader in 1964, Edward Heath, who remarked of Williams in 1966: "I thoroughly disagree with his views.
They are not the view of the modern Tory party, nor the views of the great majority of people in this country."
To some of us outside Parliament it appears to be neither Conservative nor an opposition... we must oppose socialism, not condone it." 
He remained on the Club's Executive Council until 1973 and was still listed as a Vice-President in 1991.
Paul Wellstone
The law, including the Wellstone Amendment, was seen as unconstitutional by groups and individuals of various political perspectives, including the California State Democratic Party, the National Rifle Association, and Republican Senator Mitch McConnell (Kentucky), the Senate Majority Whip.
Wellstone saw McCain-Feingold's protection of "advocacy" groups as a "loophole" allowing "special interests" to run last-minute election ads.
(Since corporate and union money was already banished in the bill, Wellstone was presumably worried mainly about money from rich individuals.) 
Wellstone pushed an amendment to extend McCain-Feingold's ban on last-minute ads to nonprofits like "the NRA, the Sierra Club, the Christian Coalition, and others."
Paul Teutul, Sr.
He is often seen on the phone with a vendor or service company demanding faster results.
He is also particular about neatness, often yelling (at least in the earlier episodes of 'American Chopper') about the disorganization and cleanliness of the shop, and being described by Michael at one point as being "like Martha Stewart on a motorcycle."
However, his tendency for neatness and order notwithstanding, he is also known on occasion to break down a door or tear down a few walls in his workshops, if sufficiently motivated by the circumstances, a trait that he shares with Paul Jr., who also frequently doubles as his sparring partner.
Vehicles such as his Ford Expedition and several electric golf carts have also been crashed into walls and other objects.
Paul Schultze-Naumburg
Schultze-Naumburg was born in Almrich (now part of Naumburg) in Prussian Saxony, and by 1900 was a well-known painter and architect, first emerging as a more-conservative member of the group of artists who established the Jugendstil and the Arts and Crafts workshops in Munich. 
His series of books the 'Kulturarbeiten' ("Works of Culture"), nine volumes published 1900-1917, were extremely popular and established him as a major tastemaker for the German middle class. 
By the First World War, he had become a major proponent of traditional architecture, an originator of the "Circa 1800" movement, and an important voice in both the Deutsche Werkbund and the nationalist German architecture and landscape preservation movement.
A well-known example of his architecture from this time is the Cecilienhof Palace in Potsdam, built for crown prince Wilhelm, 1914-1917. 
Paul Scarron
The piece most famous in his own day, his 'Virgile travesti' (1648-1653), is now thought a somewhat ignoble waste of singular powers for burlesque. 
Unfinished, and a little desultory, this history of a troop of strolling actors is almost the first French novel, in point of date, which shows real power of painting manners and character, and is singularly vivid.
It is in the style of the Spanish picaresque romance, and furnished Théophile Gautier with the idea and with some of the details of his 'Capitaine Fracasse'.
Scarron also wrote some shorter novels: 'La Precaution inutile', which inspired Sedaine's 'Gageure imprévue; Les Hypocrites', to which Tartuffe owes something, and others.
Paul Rice
He spent most of the 1980’s working directly in the field with cooperative farmers, creating and implementing training programs aimed at developing small farmers’ organizational and business capacity.
This first-hand field experience gave him an understanding of the inherent weaknesses of the classic “development aid” model as well as insight into alternative, market-based approaches to sustainable development.
In 1990 Paul founded and became the first CEO of PRODECOOP, a highly successful Fair Trade organic cooperative representing almost 3,000 small coffee farmers in northern Nicaragua.
Over the last eight years, TransFair has sought to reframe the industry’s conventional wisdom about the most effective response to poverty in the coffee communities, building innovative partnerships for sustainable solutions. 
Increasingly, the coffee industry is using Fair Trade as a business model that promotes sustainability, delivers value back to farmers and consumers, and builds profitability.
Paul has received numerous prestigious international awards for his pioneering work as a social entrepreneur in the Fair Trade movement, including: the Ashoka Fellowship (
Paul Reynaud
Reynaud held several cabinet posts in the early 1930s, but he clashed with members of his party after 1932 over French foreign and defense policy and was not given another cabinet position until 1938. 
Like Winston Churchill, Reynaud was a maverick in his party and often alone in his calls for rearmament and resistance to German aggrandizement.
Reynaud was a supporter of Charles de Gaulle's theories of mechanized warfare in contrast to the static defense doctrines that were in vogue among many of his countrymen , symbolized by the Maginot Line, and was an outspoken opponent of appeasement in the run-up to the Second World War. 
However, Pierre Étienne Flandin, the leader of the Alliance Démocratique, agreed with several of Reynaud's key policy stances, particularly on Reynaud's defense of economic liberalism.
Paul R. Pillar
His was not an isolated case; CIA officials routinely trashed Bush administration policy decisions, often with official approval, in the months leading up to the Iraq War and again before the election."
Pillar was a major participant in a conference "sponsored by the John Bassett Moore Society of International Law, University of Virginia School of Law, and the Strategic Studies Institute (SSI), U.S. Army War College, and was held February 25-26, 2005.
Conference participants included representatives from government agencies involved in the U.S. war on terrorism, students and faculty members from other universities..."
It has become clear that official intelligence was not relied on in making even the most significant national security decisions, that intelligence was misused publicly to justify decisions already made, that damaging ill will developed between [Bush] policymakers and intelligence officers, and that the intelligence community's own work was politicized."
Paul R. Jones Collection of African American Art
The Paul R Jones Collection originated from Jones’ discovery that the many museums he had been visiting held few works by African Americans.
Because Jones believed that these great artists were being overlooked, he decided that he would create a collection of works by a variety of African American artists. 
The current collection took over forty years to amass and contains works in a variety of media, representing over three hundred of the nation’s African American artists.
At almost two thousand works, it is one of the world’s largest and most comprehensive collections of works by African American artists of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries. 
Paul R. Ehrlich
His central argument on population is as follows:"A cancer is an uncontrolled multiplication of cells; the population explosion is an uncontrolled multiplication of people.
Treating only the symptoms of cancer may make the victim more comfortable at first, but eventually he dies - often horribly.
The operation will demand many apparent brutal and heartless decisions. 
The pain may be intense.
Paul Priestly
When Paul decided to take on some freelance work, he employed Trevor as a builder's aid, although he was more of a liability than a labourer and made many disastrous mistakes. 
Paul continued to mess Diane around, standing her up on several occasions to be with Julie.
Meanwhile, Paul soon began to feel that Julie was merely using him in order to get a cheap deal for his labour and he began to take against her flirtatious behaviour towards other men.
She would not forgive Julie however, and played various vengeful tricks on her as payback.
Paul Popenoe
With Popenoe as his scientific workhorse , Gosney intended to study the sterilization work being done in California and use it to advocate sterilization in other parts of the country and in the world at large. 
This would culminate in a number of works, most prominently their joint-authored 'Sterilization for Human Betterment: A Summary of Results of 6,000 Operations in California, 1909-1929' in 1929. 
This work would become a popular text for the advocacy of sterilization, as it purported to be an objective study of the operations in the state and concluded, not surprisingly, that rigorous programs for the sterilization of the "unfit" were beneficial to all involved, including the sterilized patients. 
Eventually the Nazis would sterilize over 400,000 people under their sterilization laws; in the USA the total would be around 65,000, about a third in California.
Paul Phillips (bodhran)
'Paul Phillips' (1959-2007) was one of Ireland’s most popular and respected bodhrán players and teachers, immersed in the drum as an art form and in particular in the development and promotion of the style of play known as top-end. 
He shared stages at various times with Mary Bergin, Lunasa, Michael McGoldrick, Sean Ryan, Gerry O’Connor, Steve Cooney, Seamus Tansey and more.
Phillips taught and toured widely across Europe, the United States and even as far afield as Timbuktu in the Sahara in 2006, bringing the drum to ever wider audiences.
He was an experienced teacher and Comhaltas adjudicator and taught at many of the main summer schools in Ireland.
Paul Oakenfold
"I've done so many remixes from the likes of the Rolling Stones to Snoop Dogg etc, but you can only get a certain amount on the CD.
It was difficult for me but I had to choose what I wanted and what I felt were the best mixes that showcased my art in the best way." — said Paul Oakenfold.
With the film scores and soundtrack productions he did for $90,000,000, he decided in 2007 to play live at the Boston Pops which created a piece of orchestral music with electronic music.
The event took place in Miami for 10,000 people with a 75-piece orchestra, he wrote a piece of music which he described as "difficult".
Oakenfold is said to be a big fan of Chelsea F.C. 
Paul Norman (game designer)
I do remember putting some effort (recall this was only the second program I'd written) into using the joystick in some new ways to get greater flexibility into the character. 
As it turned out, this was actually a major factor in the gameplay.
The first round, for instance, where the Aztec is running for the pyramid while dodging arrows, is all about learning to push forward or back almost instinctively depending on whether the arrow was high or low.
(Note: while this may sound very 'maverick' of me, let me warn you; this is by no means guarantees popularity.)
Paul Moon
Moon's works have come in for criticism from some reviewers. 
In many of his books , he has stated that he writes history from the perspective of those involved at the time, and not with the historian's benefit of hindsight. 
The result is that some of his conclusions differ from what later analyses of events reveal. 
Some describe it as engaging, while others denounce it as not conforming to the typical style used in many New Zealand histories. 
Paul McHugh
In the 1990s his work began incorporating a comparativist dimension, culminating in the publication in 2004 of 'Aboriginal societies and the common law: a history of sovereignty, status and self-determination'.'
In particular McHugh argues for the historicisation not just of legal doctrine, but of the notion of law itself, so that the history of the common law's encounter with tribal societies becomes also an expression of the change in the nature and modalities of legal thought.
The second half of the book considers the modern history of aboriginal rights, once they had been admitted into what he calls the 'common-law rights-place' as a result of key court judgments.
All common-law jurisdictions (Canada in 1973; the United States in 1978; New Zealand in 1986–91; and Australia in 1992 and 1996) experienced the impact of major court judgments dramatically reconfiguring state relations with the tribes.
Paul M. Bingham
The theory, using precedents established in biological theory, explains many aspects of human social and sexual behavior. 
It accounts for the evolution of the human species from the advent of its philogenetic branching from other hominids through physiological and behavioral adaptations until we arrive at our current civilization.
As such, this theory serves as a possible new pathway to the unification of the natural and social sciences as well as to bringing new insight into contemporary human behavior – from sexuality and childrearing to political, economic and religious behaviours, among others.
This theory is significant because it integrates a number of anthropological, archeological, biological and psychological changes in the history of human origin into a synthesized explanation of human evolutionary change as behavioral adaptations using contemporary scientific understanding.
Paul Löwinger
'Paul Löwinger' (November 10, 1904 in Tulln, Lower Austria; † December 17, 1988 in Vienna) was an Austrian actor, theatre manager and writer.
Still a child he performed on his parents' stage, the Löwinger Bühne.
1938 they were probably the first theatre ensemble which performed in front of television cameras. 
Löwinger wrote numerous comedies and well known plays. 
His plays were often broadcast on television.
He also took part in numerous German and Austrian films like "Zyankali" (1947) or "Kaiserball" (1956) and so he became international popular.
Paul Lo Duca
Despite his college success, Lo Duca spent many years in the minor leagues, after being drafted in the 25th round of the 1993 Amateur Draft.
Lo Duca drew comparisons to Dodgers predecessors Mike Scioscia and Mike Piazza -- all three were capable and popular everyday catchers who were homegrown through the Dodgers' organization, and all three are of Italian-American ancestry.
On the other hand, Lo Duca's primary strength is as a contact hitter, like Scioscia, but unlike the power-hitting Piazza.
Lo Duca would forge another connection with Piazza in being traded away (to the Marlins, and eventually to the Mets) in two of the Dodgers' most unpopular trades in recent memory. 
Paul Lewiston
With his no-nonsense demeanor and intensely professional attitude, Paul serves as the primary "straight man" at Crane, Poole & Schmidt and is often frustrated by the unethical and erratic behavior of both Denny Crane and Alan Shore.
Paul has threatened to fire Alan on numerous occasions, once being while Alan considered eliciting testimony from a doctor that would harm the firm's own client, and again when Alan himself was on trial for paying a man to engage in a barfight on his behalf.
On the other hand, he is often portrayed as representing business interests before social justice.
In an ethically questionable and likely illegal move, he had her forcibly abducted from her apartment and taken to a rehabilitation facility (after giving her a chance to consent to going of her own will and being refused), where she currently resides.
Paul Krugman
Some of his critics claimed that "The Ascent of E-man," an article Krugman wrote for Fortune Magazine about the rise of the market as illustrated by Enron's energy trading, was biased by Krugman's earlier consulting work for them. 
Krugman later argued that "The Ascent of E-Man" was in character, writing "I have always been a free-market Keynesian: I like free markets, but I want some government supervision to correct market failures and ensure stability."
Krugman noted his previous relationship with Enron in that article and in other articles he wrote on the company.
Krugman was one of the first to argue that deregulation of the California energy market had led to illegal market-manipulation by Enron and other energy companies.
Paul Kan Man-Lok
He was a programmer of the Hong Kong Government in the 1960s, providing software expertise to various government departments including education, transport, security, industry and trade.
In the next 17 years, Mr. Kan worked with various international groups as a systems analyst for computer projects, including the Swire Group for its aviation, trading and shipping systems.
In 1987, he founded the Champion Technology Group and soon launched the world's first Chinese message receiver and wireless communication system, a major milestone and a solid foundation for his subsequent and continuing pursuit in the information technology arena.
The Champion Technology Group has since positioned itself in the development of wireless communications software and related applications in various environments.
Paul Kagame
It also pointed out that at the time of the shooting of the plane, the French military was in control of Kigali Airport; although that point, and the possible attempt to imply that the French shot down the plane, is irrelevant as the plane was shot down on approach to the airport and not from the zone controlled by French forces. 
It's a very political judgement and I don't believe that it's borne out by the evidence. 
Certainly the witnesses who spoke to Bruguiere allege that those were statements made by President Kagame himself. 
Whether he did or not obviously is a matter in dispute , in hot dispute, but the political judgement it seems to me is another matter." 
Paul Jacob
In 2005 and 2006, Jacob worked with an Oklahoma group, Oklahomans in Action, to place on the ballot an initiative, Stop Overspending, one of several measures run in different states known as the Taxpayer Bill of Rights, or TaBOR.
Among the paid petitioners used were some that had come to Oklahoma from other states to work on the drive. 
Jacob claims the petition's organizers had sought, and received, approval for this from the Oklahoma Secretary of State.
A conviction would have carried a maximum fine of $25,000, and the maximum jail sentence of ten years in prison.
Jacob was indicted with two others in the case, and each pleaded not guilty.
A website—FreePaulJacob.com—was put up in Jacob's defense.
Paul I of Russia
During his infancy, Paul was taken from the care of his mother by the Empress Elizabeth, whose ill-judged fondness allegedly injured his health. 
As a boy, he was reported to be intelligent and good-looking. 
It has been asserted that his mother hated him, and was only restrained from putting him to death while he was still a boy by the fear of what the consequences of another palace crime might be to herself. 
However, others suggest that the Empress, who was usually very fond of children, treated Paul with kindness. 
Paul Hamilton Hayne
Hayne was an emerging poet and published various collections of poems, including a complete edition in 1882.
Like other fellow Southern poets of his day, his work was highly descriptive of nature.
Some critics contend that his graceful lyrics reflect the influence of poet John Keats. 
Hayne's sonnets are considered his best work. 
Paul Halmos
In these memoirs, Halmos claims to have invented the "iff" notation for the words "if and only if" and to have been the first to use the “tombstone” notation to signify the end of a proof, and this is generally agreed to be the case. 
The symbol is definitely not my invention - it appeared in popular magazines (not mathematical ones) before I adopted it, but, once again, I seem to have introduced it into mathematics.
It is the symbol that sometimes looks like [an empty square], and is used to indicate an end, usually the end of a proof.
It is most frequently called the 'tombstone', but at least one generous author referred to it as the 'halmos'. 
Paul Haig
Unhappy with limited sales, Haig left Crepuscule to seek another major deal.
After demos recorded for EMI came to nothing, Haig spent most of 1986 writing new material, surviving on PRS royalties from his Crepuscule back catalogue.
He also found time to embark on a fruitful partnership with another Associate, Billy Mackenzie, the result being low key dates in Glasgow and Edinburgh, which mixed their own greatest hits with covers such as Running Away and Yoko Ono's 'Walking On Thin Ice'.
Later the pair united to perform Amazing Grace on a Scots 'Hogmanay' television programme, and each donated a song to the other's forthcoming album.
Paul Fromm (activist)
The organization also deals with other issues, including crime and punishment, multiculturalism and immigration.
With Canada's best-known supremacist deported, former teacher Paul Fromm is working to revive the far-right movement".
These three groups still exist today and are still led by Fromm.
Fromm's leadership of these groups has given him some access to the mainstream media, such as radio talk shows and newspapers.
Paul Frees
Frees is well-remembered for many characters in Rankin/Bass cartoons and stop-motion animated TV specials, including the central villain Burgermeister Meisterburger and his assistant Grimsby in 'Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town' (1970).
He was several voices, including Eon the Terrible, in 'Rudolph's Shiny New Year' in 1976.
He provided the voices for several J. R. R. Tolkien characters (most notably the dwarf Bombur) in Rankin/Bass animated versions of 'The Hobbit' and 'The Return of the King'.
He also voiced King Haggard's wizard Mabruk in 'The Last Unicorn' and provided several voices for the Jackson Five cartoon series between 1971 and 1973.
Paul Flory
Excluded volume refers to the idea that one part of a long chain molecule can not occupy space that is already occupied by another part of the same molecule.
The recognition that excluded volume was an important factor in analyzing long-chain molecules in solutions provided an important conceptual breakthrough, and led to the explanation of several puzzling experimental results of the day. 
At the theta point, the chain reverts to ideal chain characteristics - the long-range interactions arising from excluded volume are eliminated, allowing the experimenter to more easily measure short-range features such as structural geometry, bond rotation potentials, and steric interactions between near-neighboring groups.
Flory correctly identified that the chain dimension in polymer melts would have the size computed for a chain in ideal solution if excluded volume interactions were neutralized by experimenting at the theta point.
Paul Engle
Engle is often mistakenly credited with having founded the Iowa Writers' Workshop (an honor that more appropriately belongs to his predecessor, Wilbur Schramm).
During his tenure as director (1941-1965), he was responsible for luring some of the finest writers of the day to Iowa City. 
Robert Lowell, John Berryman, Kurt Vonnegut and many other prominent novelists and poets served as faculty under Engle. 
Additionally, Engle increased enrollment and oversaw numerous students of future fame and influence, including Flannery O'Connor, Philip Levine, Donald Justice, and Robert Bly.
Paul Dresser
Dresser was featured prominently in the act, and a number of his own songs were worked into the show.
The act itself was nationally acclaimed and most papers wrote of Dresser as the star. 
Dresser then began to sell his songs to other acts for use in their performances.
His songs and acts were usually sad and dramatic, but a few were romantic and silly.
Paul Dresser
As a child and adolescent he had a number of run-ins with the law and spent several months in jail before joining a band of traveling minstrels.
He grew in fame and began performing in several regional theaters before joining John Hamlin's national show in 1878.
He continued traveling nationally with a number of different acts, eventually joining the 'The Tin Soldier' in 1890.
There he began writing many prominently featured songs which led him to begin publishing music independently.
Paul Cuffee
Paul Cuffee always felt the need to do something about the demeaning conditions that many African-Americans lived under in the American colonies.
Due to his wealth, Cuffee did not live the average life of blacks in America so he sought ways to help others who had not been as fortunate.
Unfortunately, most Americans felt that blacks were inferior to Europeans, even in the predominantly Calvinist and Quaker New England.
Although slavery continued, some believed the emigration of Blacks to colonies outside the United States was the easiest and most realistic solution to the race problem in America. 
Paul Bénichou
It was in the early 1950s that Paul Bénichou undertook his most ambitious and important scholarly project. 
This research culminated in a series of major works that purport to solve this problem. 
(Ironically, Bénichou never wrote a major work on Baudelaire, though he published a number of significant essays on the author of 'Les Fleurs du mal'.)
Taken together, these works constitute a coherent study of French literature and thought from 1750 to 1898, analyzing the spiritual predicament of modern France and shedding light on the literature of other Western nations as well as on contemporary problems of global civilization.
Paul Brady
Brady joined the popular Irish band The Johnstons when Michael Johnston left.
Despite some success, Brady returned to Ireland in 1974 to join the Irish group Planxty.
The next few years saw him establish his popularity and reputation as one of Ireland's best interpreters of traditional songs.
His versions of ballads like "Arthur McBride" and "The Lakes of Pontchartrain" were considered as definitive and are still popular at concerts today. 
Paul Bowles
Titled 'A Little Stone' (John Lehmann, London, August 1950), which excluded two of Bowles' most famous short stories, "Pages From Cold Point" and "The Delicate Prey", on the advice of Cyril Connolly and Somerset Maugham, that if they were included in the collection distribution and/or censorship difficulties might ensue.
When responding to the claim that almost all of the characters in "The Delicate Prey" were victimized by either physical or psychological violence, Bowles responded: "Yes, I suppose.
But it can and does, and people need to be ready for it.
What you make for others is first of all what you make for yourself.
Paul Bako
Major leagues=1998-2000Bako made his major league debut with the Tigers on April 30, 1998, going 0-for-4 with three strikeouts.
His first major league hit, a bases-loaded double, came the next day off Bill Swift, when he went 2-for-5 against the Seattle Mariners in a 17-3 Tigers win.
He hit his first major league home run on May 15 against the Oakland Athletics; it came off Mike Mohler in the bottom of the sixth inning with two runners (Damion Easley, Joe Randa) on base.
Bako's rookie season was arguably his most successful ; he posted a.272 batting average, hit 3 home runs, batted in 30 runs, and collected 106 total bases. 
Paul B. Johnson, Jr.
As one astute observer saw it, the governor was "tempering political expedience with common sense, yet still attempting to ease down the more radical, emotional, ignorant groups without losing those votes."
And so "ambivalent Paul" cound denounce in picturesque and biting language the impending civil rights law and could declare that "It is an odd thing that so much hell is being raised over three people missing in Mississippi when 10,000 are missing in New York", while welcoming Allan Dulles and J. Edgar Hoover to Mississippi and firing a couple of Ku Kluxers from the Highway Patrol.
While castigating the civil rights workers and refusing even to meet with responsible Negro leaders, he did come down hard for law enforcement and played a major role in ending the violence in Pike County.
It is more than a reasonable guess that the two Johnsons, President and Governor, kept each other informed, though neither could have admitted that to his public.. 
Pattypan squash
The squash is most tender when relatively immature; it is generally served when it is no more than two to three inches in diameter.
In fine cuisine, its tender flesh is sometimes scooped out and mixed with flavorings such as garlic prior to reinsertion; the scooped-out husk of a pattypan also is sometimes used as a decorative container for other foods.
Pattypan is a good source of magnesium, niacin, and vitamins A and C. One cup contains approximately 20 to 30 calories and no fat.
It is often sliced, coated and fried until golden brown.
Patty
As in the UK, in Ireland the word 'burger' is often used both to refer to a disc of processed meat and also to an American style hamburger.
Traditional fast food outlets often offer 'spice burgers' and 'batter burgers' which are unadorned 'patties' served in little grease-proof paper bags.
The type of meat used in spice burgers is not well known but generally there will be some pork content which imparts a pork sausage-like salty flavour; 'spice' refers to the extra seasoning (salt and pepper) rather than to any particular exotic spices or heat from chilli. 
Spice burgers and batter burgers are considered an acquired taste. 
Pattie Boyd
It was reported at this time that Clapton fell in love with Boyd. 
Boyd claims that when she rebuffed Clapton's advances in late 1970, he descended into heroin addiction and self-imposed exile with Alice Ormsby-Gore for three years.
Although Boyd drank and admits to past drug use, unlike Clapton she never became an alcoholic or a drug addict.
"Like many others in her circle, Boyd sampled the booze, dope and cocaine but, unlike Clapton, she knew when to stop." 
Boyd states that she divorced Clapton after years of alcoholism as well as numerous affairs on his part, which began before their marriage.
Patterson-Gimlin film
Patterson and Gimlin sought various experts to examine the film.
Patterson claimed to have screened the film for unnamed technicians "in the special effects department at Universal Studios in Hollywood...
It might be done, but we would have to say that it would be almost impossible'"Hunter and Dahinden, 119.
The authenticity of that quote has never been verified, and the special effects technicians who allegedly said it have never come forward. 
Pattern language
When a designer is designing something (whether it is a house or a computer program or a stapler), they must make many decisions about how to solve problems.
A single problem, documented with its most common and recognized good solution seen in the wild, is a single design pattern.
Each pattern has a name, a descriptive entry, and some cross-references, much like a dictionary entry.
A documented pattern must also explain why that solution may be considered a good one for that problem, in the given context.
Pattern day trader
Another argument made by opponents, is that the rule may, in some circumstances, increase a trader's risk.
For example, a trader may use 3 day trades, and then enter a 4th position to hold overnight.
The other choice would be to close the position, protecting his capital, and ( perhaps inappropriately) fall under the rule, as this would now be a 4th day trade within the period. 
If the trader was aware of this well-known rule however, he would not open the 4th position unless he intended to hold it overnight. 
Patroon Island Bridge
The 'Patroon Island Bridge' is a major crossing of the Hudson River in Albany, New York.
It has been in service since 1968; however, some structural repairs were made in 1992.
Seven spans are considered the main spans and consist of steel trusses and concrete decks. 
The other three spans are considered approach spans, which are supported by plate girders. 
Patrol boat
Seagoing patrol boats are typically around 30m (100 ft) in length and usually carry a single medium caliber artillery gun as main armament, and a variety of lighter secondary armament such as machine guns or a close-in weapon system.
Depending on role, vessels in this class may also have more sophisticated sensors and fire control systems that would enable them to carry torpedoes, anti-ship and surface-to-air missiles.
Most modern designs are powered by gas turbine arrangements such as CODAG, and speeds are generally in the 25–30 knot range.
Common tasks are fisheries inspection, anti-smuggling (usually anti-narcotics) duties, illegal immigration patrols, anti-piracy patrols and search and rescue (law enforcement-type of work).
Patriot Guard Riders
Within a week their membership included many riders from associations like the VFW, American Legion, Rolling Thunder, ABATE, Combat Vets Motorcycle Association, Intruder Alert, Leathernecks Motorcycle Club, and almost five hundred individual riders. 
To the credit of Hugh and “Waldo”, the PGR website had received almost 566,000 hits in the first two weeks.
Patriots from all over America and several foreign countries responded. 
Emails were pouring in from people wanting to support and join the newly formed PGR.
Patriot Bible University
Critics have charged that Patriot Bible University is a diploma mill as it has unreasonably low graduation requirements, lack of sufficient faculty or educational standards, and a suspicious tuition scheme, among other issues. 
The college itself has claimed that it simply does not "choose" to be accredited by standard associations.
The university offers a monthly fee, unlike most universities, which only charge per-credit fees.
Unlike some institutions you cannot simply mail a check and receive a diploma, some correspondence work is required. 
Patrick Yandall
He has been featured in 'JAZZIZ', 'Smooth&Soul', 'Smooth Jazz News' and his music has been aired worldwide.
His "'Eyes of Mars'" 2005 release was number 6 for the year on JazLynx and was featured in 'Jazz Times' as one of the top releases of the season along with other artists such as Herbie Hancock, Euge Groove, Bob James and other top names in jazz & smooth jazz.
Patrick's blues/rock release "New York Blues" was featured worldwide!
Music available on iTunes, Amazon.com, CDBaby, Target.com and many more!
Patrick Walden
'Patrick George Walden' (born October 5 1978) is best known as the former guitarist for Babyshambles. 
Prior to joining Babyshambles, Walden belonged to a variety of London groups, among which were Fluid, the Six Cold Thousand, and The White Sport.
He played guitar for The White Sport alongside another future Babyshambles member, drummer Adam Ficek.
Walden also worked as a live guitarist and as a session musician, playing bass and guitar for numerous recording artists. 
Patrick Thomas
When the trio split in 1991, Huntington worked with boogie-woogie groups.
He worked with blues groups before returning to jazz in 2006.
He is now a sideman playing with Wynton Marsalis, Harry Connick Jr., Branford Marsalis, Ellis Marsalis, and many others.
Patrick Neighly
Neighly has undertaken limited work for hire, generally restricted to editing and ghost writing for publishers such as Disinformation and manga giant Tokyopop.
This work is usually published under a number of pseudonyms. 
Neighly briefly contributed a number of columns on the small press comics space to prominent portal Newsarama.
As a journalist and editor he has contributed to a number of print magazines, including Asian Century, America's Network, Bandwidth, CFQ, CommsDayGlobal, The Euronet and 3G Americas.
Patrick Moore (environmentalist)
Moore has been criticized by environmentalists for many of his views. 
Some see him as having "abruptly turned his back on the environmental movement" and "being a mouthpiece for some of the very interests Greenpeace was founded to counter". 
His critics point out Moore's business relations with what they see as "polluters and clear-cutters" through his consultancy. 
Moore has earned his living since the early 1990s primarily by consulting for, and publicly speaking to a wide variety of corporations and industry lobby groups. 
Patrick Michael Larsson
Teaching him obedience and discipline, he learned at a young age to be honest and to respect and accept other people.
Later on in his life he left the Mormon church which his father had done many years before him.
He spend most of his childhood in the south of Sweden.
In the next few years he earned a degree in business and economics.
When he was 23 he started his first company with his best friend, Carl-Fredrik Fondell.
Patrick Hillery
It occurred in September 1979, when the international press corps, travelling to Ireland for the visit of Pope John Paul II, told their Irish colleagues that Europe was "awash" with rumours that Hillery had a mistress living with him in Áras an Uachtaráin (the presidential residence), that he and his wife were divorcing and he was resigning the presidency. 
In reality, few people had even heard of the rumours.
Critics questioned why he chose to comment on a rumour that few outside media and political circles had heard. 
Hillery however defended his action by saying that it was important to kill off the story for the good of the presidency, rather than allow the rumour to circulate and be accepted as "fact" in the absence of a denial.
Patrick Hillery
He was one of three holders of the office of President who did not face popular election for the office, the others being Douglas Hyde and Cearbhall Ó Dálaigh.
Hillery left office in 1990 (he had served the maximum two terms), widely applauded for his integrity, honesty and devotion to duty.
The previous image of Hillery, as low key, dull and unexciting (except for the bizarre "sex rumours"), had been somewhat undermined.
However he re-entered public life in 2002 during the second referendum on the Nice Treaty, when, along with most of the political elite, he urged a 'yes' vote.
Patrick Harrington
There was another schism in 1989 when Harrington and Graham Williamson parted company with Griffin and Holland.
The ONF had opened dialogue with groups like the Nation of Islam and the 'Pan-Afrikan International Movement'.
For their part, Griffin and Holland claimed that Harrington's refusal to condemn the IRA had been the cause of many problems.' 
In late 1989 Harrington voted for the disbandment of the Official National Front and joined with others to form the Third Way (UK) in 1990.
Patrick Cullinan
In the first edition of The Bloody Horse, Cullinan wrote: 'To talk of 'literature', of good writing, of art may be obscene or almost obscene in a society as self-destructing, engrossed in conflict as this one is.
But the important word is almost.
For however cluttered by violence and potential annihilation a society may find itself, it is the writers and the artists who portray the reality of this process...
This may be as good an encapsulation as any of the position of Cullinan's poetry in its political context.
Patrician (post-Roman Europe)
Besides wealthy merchant burghers, they were recruited from the ranks of imperial knights, administrators and ministeriales; the latter two groups were accepted even when they were not freemen.
Instead, they would point to their belonging to certain families or "houses", as documented for Cologne, Frankfurt am Main and Nuremberg, among other cities.
The use of the word 'Patrizier' to refer to the most privileged segment of urban society dates back not to the Middle Ages but to the Renaissance.
However, this usage did not become common until the 17th and 18th centuries.
Patricia Hewitt
In April 2006, Patricia Hewitt made a speech in which she said the NHS had had "its best year ever", citing a decrease in waiting times for hospital treatment.
However, this claim came at a time when thousands of jobs were being cut across the country as a number of NHS trusts attempted to cope with budget deficits.
Delegates at the conference called for job cuts and bed closures, part of planned NHS reforms aimed at improving the effectiveness of the service, to be halted, predicting that the number of posts lost could reach 13,000, and said a work to rule was possible.
BMA chairman Mr. James Johnson claimed 2006 was actually one of the worst years on record and that "2006 has been full of bleak moments for the NHS - job losses, training budgets slashed, trusts delaying operations in order to save money and hospital closures announced at the same time as new PFI developments.
Patriarch Heraclius of Jerusalem
While in England, Heraclius consecrated the Temple Church in London, the English headquarters of the Knights Templar; for which act he is perhaps best remembered in England today. 
The chronicler Ralph Niger reports that on this mission Eraclius offered the kingship of Jerusalem to Philip II of France and Henry II of England (but both turned him down) and to any other prince he came across.
Ralph claimed that Heraclius's enormous retinue and opulent dress offended the sensibilities of many westerners , who felt they were not befitting a patriarch; surely if the east was so wealthy, no help was needed from the west. 
It may be, however, that he was unprepared for the Byzantine style of dress favoured by the court of Jerusalem since Amalric I's marriage to Maria Comnena. 
Patriarch Heraclius of Jerusalem
Because most of information about Heraclius comes from his rival William and the 13th-century 'Old French Continuation' of his chronicle, sometimes attributed to Ernoul, Heraclius is often seen as a particularly corrupt and worldly choice for patriarch. 
He was accused of getting the appointment through being Agnes's lover, which may reflect nothing more than the ill-will of his defeated opponent's party. 
The claim in the 'Old French Continuation' that he excommunicated William in 1183, forcing him to leave the kingdom to seek the Pope's help in Rome, and arranged for him to be poisoned there, is demonstrably false. 
No Western chroniclers note what would (if true) have been a major ecclesiastical scandal.
Patriarch German
It began in 1958, the very year of German's election, with an allegedly willing acceptance of the autonomy of Ohrid Archbishopric proclaimed by the archbishop Dositej. 
In the next 9 years, patriarch and archibshop held several joint liturgies, even with the heads of other Orthodox Churches.
German and the Serbian Orthodox Church, claiming the separation was forced and uncanonical (in other words, they deemed it a church established by the Communists) ended any canonical communication with the Macedonian Orthodox Church.
In turn, German's example was followed by all the other Orthodox Churches, as it is to this day.
Patras Carnival
In the first postwar years the situation does not improve perceptibly, only some scattered events testify the arrival of Carnival. 
The most pessimistic predict a failure: "nothing will be as before".
The pioneer musical groups "Orpheus" and "Patraiki' Mantolinata" lead the effort.
Still in the 1950s, the carnival becomes the object of attacks, as fanatic Christian and other misinformed moralistic organisations roll up to Patras from other regions of Greece during the carnival in order to denounce orgies, corruptness, "Sodom and Gomorrah", but they are prevented from creating trouble by the police. 
Patpong
Patpong 1 is the main street with many bars of various kinds. 
Patpong 2 also has many similar bars. 
Next to these lies Soi Jaruwan, sometimes referred to as Patpong 3 but best known as Silom Soi 4. 
It has long catered to gay men, whilst nearby Soi Thaniya has expensive bars with Thai hostesses that cater almost exclusively to Japanese men.
Patient safety
System failures
Poor communication, unclear lines of authority of physicians, nurses, and other care providers.
Disconnected reporting systems within a hospital: fragmented systems in which numerous hand-offs of patients results in lack of coordination and errors.
Drug names that look alike or sound alike.)
The impression that action is being taken by other groups within the institution.
In emergencies, patient care may be rendered in areas poorly suited for safe monitoring.
Patient safety
Drawbacks:
American College of Surgeons Bulletin:
#Managed care plans may attempt limit "unnecessary" services to cut the costs of health care, despite evidence that guidelines are not designed for general screening, rather as decision-making tools when an individual practitioner evaluates a specific patient.
#The medical literature is evolving and often controversial; development of guidelines requires consensus.
#Implementing guidelines and educating the entire health care team within a facility costs time and resources (which may be recovered by future efficiency and error reduction).
#Clinicians may resist evidence-based medicine as a threat to traditional relationships between patients, doctors and other health professionals, since any participant can influence decisions.
Patient advocacy
The Patient Advocate often assists with family communication and issues arising from illness and injury.
This may include further referral for care and support for both patients and families, which includes ongoing communication and coordination with all practitioners according to each practitioner's preferred protocol.
The Patient Advocate has a responsibility to keep a keen awareness for contiguity of care, with initial oversight for potentially conflicting treatment modalities and medications, which should be promptly discussed with Patient and Primary Care Provider and all treatments entered into the health care record, which should be provided to the patient on an annual basis or more often if the treatment is intensive, prolonged or with several health care providers.
Creation and maintenance of an electronic log for Patient and available by disc to Practitioners is highly desirable as it may be of great benefit in any urgent situation.
Patience Worth
Mr. Behr provided Mrs. Curran with an income of $400 a month for a number of years.
Mrs Curran then entered the lecture circuit to make some money to support her family.
Patience was kept busy at the sessions, as always, by requests for her comments on major topics of the day and other issues.
Pearl apparently had received a prior communication from Patience that she (Pearl) was going to die as Pearl told Dotsie Smith "Oh Dotsie, Patience has just shown me the end of the road and you will have to carry on as best you can."
Pathé Records
Pathé was the first company to commonly make master recordings in a different media than the final commercial product.
These large master cylinders were said to capture higher audio fidelity than was available on any mass marketed recordings of the time. 
The various types of commercial Pathé cylinders and discs were then dubbed from these masters.
The acoustical-mechanical dubbing process, however, resulted in uneven results on the final commercial record, many having a pronounced rumble or other audio artifacts from the process.
Pathology as a medical specialty
Training may be within two primary specialties, as recognized by the American Board of Pathology: Anatomic Pathology, and Clinical Pathology, each of which requires separate board certification.
These skills are complementary in many hospital-based private practice settings , since the day-to-day work of many clinical laboratories only requires the intermittent attention of a physician. 
Pathologists may pursue specialised fellowship training within one or more sub-specialties of either anatomic or clinical pathology.
Some of these sub-specialities permit additional board certification, while others do not. of the American Board of Pathology 
Pathological (mathematics)
The term is often used pejoratively, as a way of dismissing such inputs as being specially designed to break a routine that is otherwise sound in practice (compare with 'Byzantine').
On the other hand, awareness of pathological inputs is important as they can be exploited to mount a denial-of-service attack on a computer system.
Also, the term in this sense is a matter of subjective judgment as with its other senses.
Given enough run time, a sufficiently large and diverse user community, or other factors, an input which may be dismissed as pathological could in fact occur (as seen in the first test flight of the Ariane 5).
Pathfinder Networks
Network scaling represents another method based on graph theory.
Proximities can be obtained from similarities, correlations, distances, conditional probabilities, or any other measure of the relationships among entities.
The entities are often concepts of some sort , but they can be anything with a pattern of relationships. 
For example, if the proximities are similarities, links will generally connect nodes of high similarity.
Pathet Lao
Vietnam afterward forced Laos to cut any remaining economic ties to its other neighbors.
For the next 15 years, the Pathet Lao ran the country almost as a Vietnamese colony.
A systematic program of forcefully removing and exterminating Hmong people was begun within Laos, which resulted in complaints by United Nations member countries of attempted genocide and other human rights abuses by the government of Laos.
The Lao government's response has been to label the Hmong people and former Royal Lao Army Major General Vang Pao as "international terrorists".
Pather Panchali (film)
The background scores feature pieces based on several 'ragas' of Indian classical music, played mostly in sitar.
When Ray met him, Shankar hummed a tune which had both a classical touch as well as a folk hue; the tune, usually played on a bamboo flute, became the main theme of the film.
The majority of the score was composed in a night-long session lasting about eleven hours.
Shankar also composed two solo sitar pieces—one based on the 'raga Desh' (traditionally associated with rain), and one sombre piece based on the 'raga Todi' (usually associated with morning or evening).
Pather Panchali (film)
'The Times of India' wrote that "It is absurd to compare it with any other Indian cinema [...] 'Pather Panchali' is pure cinema".
Thus, despite opposition from some quarters within the Government of West Bengal and the Government of India because of its depiction of poverty, 'Pather Panchali' was sent to the 1956 Cannes Film Festival with the personal approval of the Prime Minister. 
Thus, only a small number of critics attended the show.
Although some were initially unenthusiastic at the prospect of yet another Indian melodrama, they found "the magic horse of poetry" slowly invading the screen. 
Paternoster
Trostbrücke 1, in the Altstadt district of Hamburg (accessible during office hours - no groups and guided tours).
One of the best examples in Germany, it is 5 levels and it open to the public.
Mannheim operations building of SCA (only for employees)
Leverkusen, some Paternosters at Bayer AG's plant.
In the Informatics and Mathematics faculty of Universität-Leipzig one can still be found, although the lift stays in operation only half of the day.
Cologne - In the IHK (Industrie- und Handelskammer/Chamber of Industry and Trade) Building (Unter Sachsenhausen 10-26, D-50667 Cologne, Hansahochhaus (housing Saturn, Hansaring, Maybachstraße 115, D-50674 Cologne), WDR HQ (Wallrafplatz 1, D-50667 Cologne (only for employees); Kaufhof (Hohe Straße 41-53, D-50667), Kaufhof Corporate HQ (Leonhard-Tietz-Str., D-50667 Cologne (not open to the public); Volkshochschule Building (near Neumarkt, D-50667 Cologne); Former Felten & Guilleaume Corporate HQ (Schanzenstr. 28, D-51069 Cologne-Mülheim, accessible public office building, 5 Stories); former downtown Bezirksamt „Dischhaus“ (Brückenstr., D-50667 Cologne); Bezirksregierung Köln (Regional Government Center Cologne), Entrance: Zeughausstraße 8 (D-50667 Cologne)
Berlin - Foreign Office, Werderscher Markt 1; Finance Ministry, Wilhelmstrasse 97; Agriculture Ministry, Wilhelmstrasse 54; Axel Springer Building, Axel Springer Strasse 65; Bayer Schering Pharma, AG; ART+COM, Kleiststrasse 23-26, 10787 Berlin; , rbb (Radio Berlin Brandenburg) Masurenallee 8-14; Rathaus Schöneberg, John-F-Kennedy-Platz; Siemens AG, Siemens Damm (in several buildings).
There are a couple more: In the Sueddeutsche Zeitung Verlagsgebaeude, in the Hochhaus an der Blumenstrasse and some more...
Patent prosecution
In some jurisdictions only authorized practitioners can act before the patent office, although applicants (i.e. inventors) can generally represent themselves. 
It is usually not recommended to represent yourself, as an attorney or agent will know how the process goes from previous experience.
A pro-se case is usually much more difficult and can be costly if the applicant doesn't respond to the office appropriately and within the time frames set forth.
Authorization is usually obtained by passing examinations set by the appropriate patent office, thereby proving that the representative is competent in the relevant laws and processes.
Patent ductus arteriosus
In a persistent PDA, there is an irregular transmission of blood between two of the most important arteries in close proximity to the heart.
Although the ductus arteriosus normally seals off within a few days, in PDA, the newborn's ductus arteriosus does not close but remains patent.
PDA is common in neonates with persistent respiratory problems such as hypoxia, and has a high occurrence in premature children.
Premature children are more likely to be hypoxic and thus have PDA because of their underdeveloped heart and lungs.
Patent attorney
In the United States, a practitioner may either be a 'patent attorney' or 'patent agent'.
Both patent agents and patent attorneys may prepare, file, and prosecute patent applications.
Patent agents and patent attorneys may also provide patentability opinions, as noted by the U.S. Supreme Court in 'Sperry v. Florida'.
However, the USPTO Rules of Ethics and Professionalism, effective as of September 15, 2008, specifically clarifies that patent agents may not provide an "opinion of validity of another party's patent when the client is contemplating litigation and not seeking reexamination" because such activity "could not be reasonably necessary and incident to the preparation and prosecution" of a client's patent.
Patent
The procedure for granting patents, the requirements placed on the patentee, and the extent of the exclusive rights vary widely between countries according to national laws and international agreements.
Typically, however, a patent application must include one or more claims defining the invention which must be new, inventive, and useful or industrially applicable.
In many countries , certain subject areas are excluded from patents, such as business methods and mental acts. 
The exclusive right granted to a patentee in most countries is the right to prevent others from making, using, selling, or distributing the patented invention without permission. 
Patch antenna
A 'patch antenna' (also known as a Rectangular Microstrip Antenna) is a popular antenna type.
The assembly is usually contained inside a plastic radome, which protects the antenna structure from damage (as well as concealing its essential simplicity).
They are the original microstrip antenna as described by Howell , which are a length of microstrip transmission line of approximately one-half wavelength.
A patch antenna is generally constructed on a dielectric substrate, usually employing the same sort of lithographic patterning used to fabricate printed circuit boards.
Patativa do Assaré
This region is famous for being the place of origin of most Brazilian oral / folk traditions as well as for presenting one of the biggest social gaps in the country, with many disadvantaged communities living in extreme poverty in the backlands (sertao). 
From then on he started to play and recite poems in local parties and became more and more popular.
The singing of one bird often gives the impression there are more than one.)
On his way back to his hometown he met the famous popular poet Juvenal Galeno. 
Patalkot, India
Gonds (Gondi people) and Bharias mainly constitute the population of Patalkot.
It is said that Bharias have been living here for more than 500 years. 
Chulki, Mundri, Binoria, Toda, Hasli, Kardona, Paijan, Mohanmala, Kushmala, Mungiamala, Markadhana mala and Patli are the common ornaments they show off at this time.
Nagda, Timki, Shehnai, Chakule, Singa, Tambura, Chikara, Bansuri, Ghunghru, Khadtaal, Madar, Dhol, Dahak and Tudiya are the common instruments they play during various ceremonies and rituals.
Patagonia
The guanaco, the cougar, the 'zorro' or Brazilian fox ('Canis azarae'), the 'zorrino' or 'Mephitis patagonica' (a kind of skunk), and the tuco-tuco or 'Ctenomys magellanicus' (a subterranean rodent) are the most characteristic mammals of the Patagonian plains.
Vizcacha ('Lagidum' spp.) and Mara ('Dolichotis') are also characteristic of the steppe and the Pampas to the north.
Bird-life is often wonderfully abundant.
The carancho or carrion-hawk ('Polyborus tharus') is one of the characteristic objects of a Patagonian landscape; the presence of long-tailed green parakeets ('Conurus cyanolysius') as far south as the shores of the strait attracted the attention of the earlier navigators; and hummingbirds may be seen flying amidst the falling snow.
Of the many kinds of water-fowl it is enough to mention the flamingo, the upland goose, and in the strait the remarkable steamer duck.
Patagonia
Lamb is considered the traditional Patagonian meat, grilled for several hours over an open fire. 
Some guide books have reported that game, especially guanaco and introduced deer and boar, are popular in restaurant cuisine. 
However, since the guanaco is a protected animal in both Chile and Argentina, it is unlikely to appear commonly as restaurant fare.
Trout and 'centolla' (king crab) are also common, though over-fishing of centolla has made it increasingly scarce.
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, baker's man
The rhyme is often accompanied by hand-clapping between two people, a clapping game.
It alternates between a normal individual clap with two-handed claps with the other person.
The hands may be crossed as well.
This allows for a possibly complex sequence of clapping that must be coordinated between the two.
Pat Rabbitte
He and some others who had come from the USI via the trade union movement were seen as wanting to bring the party more to the right. 
For this and other affirmations, listen to In Conversations with Eamon Dunphy, RTÉ Radio 1, 8 September 2007.
This led Rabbitte, Eamon Gilmore and others to earn the nickname "The Student Princes".
In 1992 Rabbitte played a prominent role with Proinsias De Rossa in an attempt to jettison some of its more hard left positions. 
Pat Jabbar
One year later, he went to Morocco, where he met many musicians. 
Most of the CDs published on Barraka E.F. are produced by Pat Jabbar himself and his collaborators; he also publishes CDs he licensed from other companies, among them works by Hamid Baroudi, Maniacs vs. Sharkiat and Hypnotix.
Pat Jabbar also discovered Turkish rappers Makale from Basel and produced some of their music. 
Bill Laswell produced tracks for Aisha Kandisha's Jarring Effects (the ur-posse from which most of Barraka's projects and groups came), Ahlam and Azzddine.
Pat Duncan
In the 2000 general election Duncan lead the Yukon Liberal Party to a majority government, defeating New Democratic incumbent Piers McDonald.
The Liberals were elected in 10 ridings and received 42.7% of the popular vote.
Early in 2002, the Liberal majority was reduced to a minority after the defection of three Liberal MLAs, Mike McLarnon, Don Roberts and Wayne Jim.
The catalyst for the defections was reported to be Duncan's allegedly heavy-handed and secretive leadership style. 
Pasty
The origins of the pasty are largely unknown, although it is generally accepted that the modern form of the pasty originated from Cornwall. 
Tradition claims that the pasty was originally made as lunch ('croust' or 'crib' in the Cornish language) for Cornish tin miners who were unable to return to the surface to eat. 
The story goes that, covered in dirt from head to foot (including some arsenic often found with tin), they could hold the pasty by the folded crust and eat the rest without touching it, discarding the dirty pastry.
Pasties were also popular with farmers and labourers, particularly in the North East of England, also a mining region.
Pastis
Pastis is normally diluted with water before drinking, generally five volumes of water for one volume of pastis, but often raw pastis is served together with a jug of water for the drinker to blend together according to preference.
The resulting decrease in alcohol percentage causes some of the constituents to become insoluble, which changes the liqueur's appearance from dark transparent yellow to milky soft yellow, a phenomenon also present with absinthe and known as the ouzo effect. 
The drink is consumed cold and is considered a refreshment for hot days. 
However, many pastis drinkers refuse to add ice, preferring to drink the beverage with cool spring water. 
Pasteur's day gecko
It can reach a maximum length of approximately 11 cm.
The body colour is bright green.
The tail may be bright blue.
On the back there often are a number of small red-brick coloured dots.
Typical is the turquoise blue patch in the neck region, which may be segmented by a small red dorsal stripe.
Pasteur pipette
They are usually glass tubes tapered to a narrow point, and fitted with a rubber bulb at the top.
Pasteur pipettes come in various lengths and are sold in boxes of hundreds.
They are named after the doctor Louis Pasteur, who was known to have used a variant of them extensively during his research.
Generally , they are considered cheap enough to be disposable, however, so long as the glass point is not chipped, the Pasteur pipette may be washed and reused indefinitely. 
Pasta
Particular varieties of pasta may also use other grains and milling methods to make the flour, as specified by law.
Fresh pasta may include eggs ('pasta all'uovo', roughly translated as 'egg pasta').
Some specialty pasta varieties can be made from grains low in gluten for gluten-intolerant people, or from whole wheat flour. 
Gnocchi are often listed among pasta dishes, although they are quite different in ingredients, mainly milled potatoes.
Past tense
Unlike other Indo-European languages, in Slavic languages tense is independent of aspect, with imperfective and perfective aspects being indicated instead by means of prefixes, stem changes, or suppletion.
In many West Slavic and East Slavic languages , the early Slavic past tenses have largely merged into a single past tense. 
In Polish this auxiliary has evolved into a clitic which may attach to the main verb or alternatively to other parts of the sentence such as pronouns or conjunctions.
Languages using either an auxiliary verb or clitic often drop the pronoun as it is not necessary to indicate person.
Password cracking
This is known as salting.
Since the salt is usually different for each user, the attacker can no longer construct tables with a single encrypted version of each candidate password.
Attackers could still build tables with common passwords encrypted with all 4096 possible 12-bit salts.
However, if the salt is long enough, there are too many possibilities and the attacker must repeat the encryption of every guess for each user.
Password cracking
A common password length recommendation is eight or more randomly chosen characters combining letters, numbers, and special characters (punctuation, etc).
This recommendation makes sense for systems using stronger password hashing mechanisms such as md5-crypt and the Blowfish-based bcrypt, but is inappropriate for many Microsoft Windows systems because they store a legacy LAN Manager hash which splits the password into two seven character halves. 
For better security, LAN Manager password storage should be disabled if it will not break supported legacy systems.
Systems which limit passwords to numeric characters only, or upper case only, or, generally, which exclude possible password character choices also make brute force attacks easier.
Using longer passwords in these cases (if possible) can compensate for the limited allowable character set.
Passphrase
The words or components of a passphrase need not all be, but often are, found in a language dictionary — most particularly one available (on or off line) as input to a dictionary attack program.
If findable in such a dictionary (and especially if the entire phrase can be found in a quotation or phrase compilation), an attacker has some chance of discovering the pass phrase by an automated dictionary attack.
How many depends on the size vocabulary from which they are chosen 'and' if those words are selected randomly.
A good rule of thumb is to purposely misspell at least one or preferably a few words in the passphrase, mix words up from different languages, and/or add symbols to the words.
Passover Seder
Many Messianic Jews celebrate Passover, observing all or most of the traditional observances , but adding additional readings or sacraments found in Christianity and Messianic Judaism. 
Additional readings may be from the Berit Chadashah (Hebrew for New Covenant), Messianic prophecies such as those found in Isaiah, or prayers containing Messianic elements.
There are various Messianic Haggadahs used to perform a Seder in the traditional family setting, at a Messianic Congregation, at a church for explaining Passover to gentiles, or in a public setting for all to attend. 
However, many Jews believe this is blasphemous and deceptively tries to mislead Jews into converting to Christianity. 
Passover Seder
Families will follow the Haggadah's lead by asking their own questions at various points in the Haggadah and offering prizes such as nuts and candies for correct answers. 
The 'afikoman', which is hidden away for the "dessert" after the meal, is another device used to encourage children's participation.
In some families , the leader of the Seder hides the 'afikoman' and the children must find it, whereupon they receive a prize or reward. 
In other homes , the children hide the 'afikoman' and the parent must look for it; when he gives up, the children demand a prize (often money) for revealing its location. 
Passive smoking
The positions of major tobacco companies on the issue of passive smoking is somewhat varied.
In general , tobacco companies have continued to focus on questioning the methodology of studies showing that passive smoking is harmful. 
Some (such as British American Tobacco and Philip Morris) acknowledge the medical consensus that passive smoking carries health risks, while others continue to assert that the evidence is inconclusive. 
Several tobacco companies advocate the creation of smoke-free areas within public buildings as an alternative to outright smoking bans. 
The most current positions of major tobacco companies on the issue of passive smoking can be found on their websites.
Passive infrared sensor
The sensor is often manufactured as part of an integrated circuit and may consist of one (1), two (2) or four (4) 'pixels' of equal areas of the pyroelectric material.
Pairs of the sensor pixels may be wired as opposite inputs to a differential amplifier.
In such a configuration, the PIR measurements cancel each other so that the average temperature of the field of view is removed from the electrical signal; an increase of IR energy across the entire sensor is self-cancelling and will not trigger the device.
At the same time, this differential arrangement minimizes common-mode interference, allowing the device to resist triggering due to nearby electric fields.
Passive fire protection
Fire tests in the UK are reported in the form of test results, but contrary to North America and Germany, building authorities do not require written proof that the materials that have been installed on site are actually identical to the materials and products that were used in the test.
The test report is also often interpreted by engineers, as the test results are not communicated in the form of uniformly structured listings.
In the UK, and other countries which do not require certification, the proof that the manufacturer has not substituted other materials apart from those used in the original testing is based on trust in the ethics or the culpability of the manufacturer.
The most highly publicised example of PFP systems which were not subject of certification and were declared 'inoperable' by the Authority Having Jurisdiction is the 'Thermo-Lag scandal', which was brought to light by whistleblower Gerald W. Brown, who notified the Nuclear Regulatory Commission of the inadequacy of fire testing for circuit integrity measures in use in licensed nuclear power plants. 
Passion Hymns
The texts explore the Passion narrative, as traditionally presented, from the point where Christ enters the Garden of Gethsemane to his death and burial.
By the end of the century they had become so popular in Iceland that five editions had been published.
The poems were translated into many other languages , including Latin, English, Chinese and Danish. 
In addition, a selection of texts were translated by Anglican Bishop Charles Venn Pilcher and published in a pamphlet entitled "Thirty-One Meditations on Christ's Passion"; this translation, although incomplete, is regarded as more true to the Lutheran theology of Hallgrímur Pétursson. 
Passion (Christianity)
Despite this, sung Passion performances were common in Lutheran churches right from the start, in both Latin and German, beginning as early as Laetare Sunday (three weeks before Easter) and continuing through Holy Week.
In the seventeenth century came the development of “oratorio” passions which led to J.S. Bach’s passions, accompanied by instruments, with interpolated texts (then called “madrigal” movements) such as sinfonias, other Scripture passages, Latin motets, chorale arias, and more.
Thomas Strutz wrote a passion (1664) with arias for Jesus himself, pointing to the standard oratorio tradition of Schütz, Carissimi, and others, although these composers seem to have thought that putting words in Jesus’ mouth was beyond the pale. 
Probably the most famous musical setting of the Passion narrative is Part II of 'Messiah', an oratorio by George Frideric Handel. 
Passing lane
The 'hammer lane' is another term for the passing lane.
Truckers often use the hammer lane in moderate traffic, where it is legal to do so, since they travel long distances.
In many areas , tractor trailers are banned from using the hammer lane for safety reasons; these restrictions are normally found along urban, often congested highways with multiple lanes (e.g. Interstate 40 west of Raleigh, North Carolina), or on rural freeways with 6 or more lanes (3 in each direction). 
HOV lanes are not usually considered hammer lanes, but are also used for express travel by commuters. 
Passing (juggling)
Slow start is generally preferred by beginners, but fast start is more popular amongst confirmed passers. 
There are three main types of rhythm.
The first is the usual where each hand throws with equal time between each other.
The third is synchronous, when both hands throw at the same time.
A collision is when two or more clubs hit each other in the air.
The rules generally require that two-count passing be used, and that the number of successful catches be four times the number of props, in order for a passing attempt to be successful. 
Passing (gender)
Conversely, almost all transsexuals will attempt to live and work as their preferred gender and be fully accepted as that gender rather than their natal sex.
Therefore, passing is not just an option but is seen as a necessity by many. 
The majority who have undergone sexual reassignment surgery or who are past the transition stage do not usually refer to themselves as passing, since they now consider themselves to actually be that gender.
Those who are completely accepted after transition often choose not to disclose their natal sex and instead live in 'stealth'.
Passenger vehicles in the United States
Following the 1973 oil crisis; however, smaller vehicles, often imported from Japan, became more and more popular with the American public as these vehicles featured better fuel economy ratings.
In the late 1970s, the US government passed minimum fuel economy standards and in the 1980s American automobile manufacturers drastically downsized their cars, only a few vehicles, such as those using the Ford Panther platform retained their over-sized glory.
The downsizing did, however, backfire in some cases.
After downsizing nearly the entire Cadillac line-up in the late 1980s, General Motors scrambled to save its most prestigious marques.
Passenger rail transport in China
The orange two-level cars are hard-seat cars of a day train from Hankou.
There are seven types of tickets that may be purchased.
First Class Seat , used for CRH series EMU trains.
In some cases , tickets are sold with no seat assigned (??, 'wu zuo'), which allows the railway to sell more tickets than there are seats in the car. 
These tickets are usually reserved more than a week prior to departure.
Now some CRH series EMU trains also have soft sleepers, such as CRH1E and CRH2E. 
Luxury soft sleeper (?????? or ) is the top level sleeper that is only owned by a few trains.
Passenger rail terminology
Technologically the limitations are by no means beyond reach, however conventional trains begin to encounter several physical obstacles , most notably track damage and pantograph limitations. 
It is important to note that the current world record for rail vehicles is held by the TGV V150 set on 15 April 2007 at 574.8 km/h, and conventional trains may indeed eventually reach into very high-speeds.
Based on current and foreseeable technology, these speeds will more than likely be reached predominantly by maglev trains.
The two most prominent maglev trains are the Transrapid with a maximum speed of 550 km/h; and the JR-Maglev MLX01, which holds the world land speed record for railed vehicles at 581 km/h.
Passenger car (rail)
While early cars used wood construction, Pullman switched to heavyweight riveted steel construction in 1910, more or less at the same time as other rail car manufacturers.
Heavyweights are said to offer a more luxurious ride due to their added mass (from the plate steel construction and concrete floor) and, usually, six-wheeled trucks (bogies). 
The stepped roof line of early heavyweights usually consisted of a center sill section (the clerestory) that ran the length of the car and extended above the roof sides by as much as a foot.
This section of the roof usually had windows or shutters that could be opened for ventilation while the train was in motion.
Passenger car (rail)
In some countries , convicts are transported from court to prison or from prison to another by railway. 
It contains several cell comepartments with minimal interior and commodities, and a separate guard compartment.
Usually the windows are of nontransparent opaque glass to prevent prisoners from seeing outside and determine where they are, and windows usually also have bars to prevent escapes.
Unlike other passenger cars, prisoner cars do not have doors at the ends of the wagon.
Passenger Pigeon
The April 27, 1948 episode of the 'Fibber McGee and Molly' radio program is titled "The Passenger Pigeon Trap", in which McGee claims to have seen a passenger pigeon (he insists that the bird is "stinct") and plans to trap it in order to sell it to the highest bidder.
A one-shot episode of 'The Bloodhound Gang', entitled "The Case of the Dead Man's Pigeon", had the deceased Mr. Fowler allegedly cutting off his living relative and leaving his fortune to a society dedicated to preserving the American Passenger Pigeon, according to a revised will of his.
Stephen King makes a number of references to the passenger pigeon in the 2005 novel 'Cell'.
Although this was published in 1823, Natty Bumppo expresses outrage at people's "wastey ways" and concern about the possible future extinction of the bird.
Passenger Name Record
While the above list is the minimum requirement, there is a considerable amount of other information required by both the airlines and the travel agent to ensure efficient travel.
These include:
Fare details, and any restrictions that may apply to the ticket.
The form of payment used, as this will usually restrict any refund if the ticket is not used.
"Special Service Requests" (SSR) such as special meal requirements, seating preferences, wheelchairs, and other similar requests.
SSR messages returned with a "KK" status indicates the involved carrier has acknowledged and confirmed the request.
In more recent times, many governments now require the airline to provide further information included to assist investigators tracing criminals or terrorists. 
These include:
Passengers' gender
Passport details- nationality, number, and date of expiry.
Passage West
During the first twenty days of August 1836 over twenty thousand people crossed the ferry.
In the 19th century, Passage West became a popular bathing resort for the citizens of Cork and the houses at Glenbrook and Toureen were in great demand during the Summer.
Fr. T.R. England, P.P. records in the Parish Register that Passage and more particularly Monkstown had many visitors during the summer season.
The other Baths was situated almost directly opposite the Victoria baths and was run in conjunction with St. Ann's Hydro, a large hydropathic facility near Blarney.
Passacaglia and Fugue in C minor, BWV 582
The autograph manuscript of BWV 582 is currently considered lost; the work, as is typical for Bach's and contemporary composers' works, is known only through a number of copies. 
There is some evidence that the original was notated in organ tablature. 
It is possible that BWV 582 was composed in Arnstadt soon after Bach's return from Lübeck. 
Paso Fino
While some Paso Finos will perform the trocha, it is discouraged and considered a fault in the purebred Paso Fino. 
Another Colombian breed performs what is known as 'trote y galope.'
The trote y galope horses perform an exaggerated diagonal two beat trot and a very collected canter but they do share some common heritage with the Paso Fino.
Not as well-known as Paso Fino, these variants are just beginning to be recognized in the United States..
Pashtunistan
Despite some improvement provincially the Pashtunistan issue was inherited by the new state of Pakistan and would cause diplomatic problems with Afghanistan. 
The Afghan government responded to the incident with a declaration that it found the Durand Line agreement of 1893 to be null and void and this prompted some measure of hostile relations between Afghanistan and Pakistan. 
On June 13, 1948, Shah Wali Khan, the Afghan envoy to Pakistan, at a party in his honor by the Aligarh Old Boys' Association, declared: "Our King has already stated, and I, as the representative of Afghanistan, declare that Afghanistan has no claims on frontier territory, and even if there were any, they have been given up in favor of Pakistan.
Anything contrary to this which may have appeared in the Press in the past or may appear in the future should not be given credence at all and should be considered just a canard."
Pashto media
Future of the Pashto film industry seems to be bright as there are still some people who want to do something for the betterment of the industry. 
In 1999 he made a film, ‘Srre Sttergae’ (red eyes) and through this film he proved that still there is a great potential in Pashto films as the story for the first time after many years was quite different and the cast, especially the heroine(s) were new and seemed that after a great hard work the film was completed.
A few months back, another Pashto film, ‘Qalam au Kalashnikov’, written by Faiz Mohammad released.
The standard was quite good and people liked the movie. 
Pashto media
Except some remote areas of NWFP, PTV, Peshawar has viewers from almost the whole NWFP.
PTV National viewers are comparatively more as its transmissions are not confined to NWFP, but are watched in whole of the country and in other countries as well.
AVT Khyber is watched in Pakistan and 66 other countries around the world.
In Pakistan it is watched in NWFP, Balochistan and Karachi whereas abroad it is watched in Afghanistan, Middle East and in some European countries. 
Pascual Pérez (baseball)
He was signed by Neftalí Cruz for the Pirates organization in 1976 and reached the major league club in 1980.
Traded to the Braves on June 30, 1982, he enjoyed his two best seasons while with that organization, going 15-8 and 14-8 in 1983 and 1984 respectively.
Incredibly slender at 6 ft 2 in, 162 lb., he was probably better known for his on-field and off-field antics than his pitching talent. 
Also a showboater, he often drew the ire of many of his opponents. 
Pascual Contursi
'Pascual Contursi' (November 18, 1888 - May 28, 1932) was an Argentine poet, singer, and guitarist.
He composed lyrics for 33 tango compositions - many well-known. 
He began writing lyrics for his own guitar improvisations while still in his teens, and he moved to nearby Montevideo, Uruguay, a few years later.
Matos Rodríguez went on to write what became perhaps the best-known tango composition, 'La Cumparsita' - though his original lyrics were replaced by Contursi's in a version known around 1924 as 'Si Supieras' ('If You Knew').
Matos Rodríguez succeeded in popularizing 'La Cumparsita' as the song's title, though Contursi's lyrics became the only popularly-recognized version following tango standard Carlos Gardel's highly recognizable rendition.
Pascoe Vale, Victoria
According to 2006 Census Data, 13,558 people currently reside in Pascoe Vale.
This slightly more than the recorded number of residents in the 2001 Census Data, where 13,210 people were recorded as living in Pascoe Vale.
The suburb has historically been less culturally diverse compared to other suburbs in Moreland.
A lower proportion of Pascoe Vale people were born overseas and Pascoe Vale has the highest proportion of Australian born citizens.
61% of people living in Pascoe Vale speak English at home, which is lower than the metropolitan average but higher than the average in Moreland.
Pasco, Washington
However, most of the population influx resided in Richland and Kennewick, as Pasco remained primarily driven by the agricultural industry, and to a less degree, the NP Pasco rail yards.
After the end of World War II, the entire region went through several "boom" and "bust" periods, cycling approximately every 10 years and heavily based on available government funding for Hanford-related work.
Due to its higher poverty level, Pasco was seen by many as the least desirable of the three cities and over time became the smallest of the Tri-Cities in terms of population. 
Farming continued to be the economic base for most of the city.
Pasco County, Florida
Once a major connecting point with Tampa, I-75 has been made obsolete for western residents of the county by the Suncoast Parkway.
23px Suncoast Parkway enters the county in the south halfway between Gunn Highway and US 41, and ends in the far northern part of the county at County Line Road (Exit 37), The Suncoast Parkway is a recently-constructed toll road that connects Pasco County with Hillsborough County, where it becomes the Veterans Expressway and heads directly into Tampa International Airport before reaching Interstate 275.
SR 589 has four Pasco County exits: SR 54 (Exit 19), Ridge Road Extension (Future Exit 24), SR 52 (Exit 27), and County Line Road(Exit 37).
U.S. Route 19 is a major commercial center running beside to the Gulf of Mexico on the western edge of the county, and used as a primary connecting route to cities down the west coast of Florida, including Tarpon Springs, Dunedin, Clearwater, and St. Petersburg, as well as Spring Hill, Weeki Wachee, Homosassa and Crystal River to the north.
Alternate 19 is a former section of US 19 that runs closer to the Gulf of Mexico in Pinellas and southern Pasco County than US 19.
U.S. Route 41 (Land O' Lakes Bouelvard)
U.S. Route 98 runs northwest and southeast from Hernando County to Polk County.
Concurrent with US 301 between Trilacoochee and Clinton Heights.
U.S. Route 301(Fort King Highway/Gall Boulevard)
State Road 39 runs northwest and southeast from Plant City into US 301 in Zephyrhills
20px County Road 41 (Fort King Highway/17th Street/21st Street/Blanton Road)
20px County Line Road (CR 578) is a major county road running entirely along the border with Hernando County beginning at US 19, intersects the Suncoast Parkway, and ends at US 41.
Due to increased congestion, it is planned to be upgraded from two to four lanes, and possibly upgraded from a county road to a state road. 
State Road 52 (Colonel Schrader Memorial Highway) an east-west route that runs primarily through the center of the county from US 19 in Bayonet Point to US 98-301 in Dade City.
State Road 54 (Gunn Highway/Fifth Avenue) another east-west road that runs through southern Pasco County, from US 19 near Holiday to US 301 in Zephyrhills.
State Road 56 a 2002-constructed road between SR 54 and Bruce B. Downs Boulevard in Wesley Chapel.
Paschal Eze
On departing, the outgoing editor in chief identified Eze as someone who would never compromise his principles, noting "I have worked with him over the years and I am very much optimistic that he will move the Observer from better to best."
Three days later, Eze tendered his resignation as editor in chief along with ten other member of the editorial staff.
In response to the mass resignation being considered "a major blow," Eze noted the he and the others resigned "because our credibility was at stake and, by so doing we want the world to know that we cannot compromise on the ethics of our profession."
We demand nothing less as we concertedly condemn this most uncalled for interference.
Pascal (unit)
Meteorologists worldwide have for a long time measured atmospheric pressure in millibars.
After the introduction of SI units, many preferred to preserve the customary pressure figures. 
Therefore, meteorologists use hectopascals (hPa) today for air pressure, which are equivalent to millibars, while similar pressures are given in kilopascals in practically all other fields, where the hecto prefix is hardly ever used.
Since official metrication, meteorologists in Canada use kilopascals (kPa), see for example and , although in some other countries hectopascals are still in use, see for example , , , , and. 
Pasar malam
It brings together a collection of stalls that usually sell goods such as fruit, vegetables, snacks, toys, clothes, shoes, alarm clocks, and ornaments at cheap or at least reasonable prices.
Pirated DVDs, CDs and computer programs are often sold at a pasar malam.
A pasar malam often takes place only one to a few days of the week, as the traders rotate around different neighbourhoods on different days of the week.
Haggling over prices is a common practice at such markets.
Pasadena, California
Tongva dwellings lined the Arroyo Seco (Los Angeles County) in Pasadena and south to where it joins the Los Angeles River and along other natural waterways in the city.
For food, they lived on a diet of acorn meal, seeds and herbs, venison, and other small animals.
When the Spanish occupied the Los Angeles Basin they built the San Gabriel Mission and renamed the local Tongva people "Gabrielino Indians," after the name of the mission.
Today, several bands of Tongva people live in the Los Angeles area. 
Pas d'armes
The origins of pas d'armes can be found in a number of factors. 
At the same time, the noble classes began to differentiate themselves, in many ways , including through reading courtly literature such as the very popular chivalric romances of the 12th century. 
For the noble classes the line between reality and fiction blurred, the deeds they read about were real, while their deeds in reality were often deadly, if not comical, re-enactments of those they read about.
This romanticised "Chivalric Revival" manifested itself in a number of ways, including the pas d'armes, round table and 'emprise' (or 'empresa', enterprise, chivalrous adventure), and in increasingly elaborated rules of courtesy and heraldry.
Parviz Yahaghi
Parviz Yahaghi's most widely distributed recordings outside Iran is, perhaps , the five-volume "'Persian Melodies'" collection (five compact discs). 
Other albums by Yahaghi currently in print include "'Toreh'" in two volumes (i.e. two compact discs); "'Tooba'" (a.k.a. 'Tobi') in two volumes; "'Taravat'" in two volumes; the three-volume set headlined "'Iranian Classical Music'" whose three volumes are called 'Ashk & Tulu', 'Yad', and 'Faryad'; and other albums by Yahaghi in print include "'Kimia'", "'Saz-e Del'", "'Mehr'", "'Mahtab'", and "'Raaz & Niyaz'".
These albums don't contain any overlap in recorded material with themselves or with the 'Violin Melodies' collection, although at times one hears some recurring themes being reworked and replayed.
(The many early recordings of Yahaghi playing with a singer are published under the singer's name).
Parvatibai
She and Sadashiv Rao Bhau Peshwa had an issue which no one knows was a boy or a girl, however, the ward died when it was an infant (this is totally contradictory to what is said in the above paragraph, are there any references to confirm either one of the two statements?).
There is no proof that Parvatibai was treated as adopted child of Chattrapati Shahu and came from other caste. 
In those days it was not at all possible that a brahmin who is in the center of power will marry a girl who is from other caste.
Hence, it is of remote possibility that she was from other caste. 
Party-directed mediation
In the joint session, individuals are situated so they sit face to face in order to address each other directly, rather than through the mediator.
To enhance this delegation of responsibility, clients sit facing directly across a table from each other, while the mediator sits at a distance from both.
This assures that both parties must address each other, directly.
Parties often must be reminded that the mediator is there to help the parties take responsibility for managing their own conflict, rather than to judge between the merits of the position of one party or the other.
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Unlike the Workers World Party, which never maintained a formal position in the A.N.S.W.E.R. Coalition despite its clear influence (the International Action Center, an organization which is regarded to have ties with the WWP, was the organization that ANSWER had formally suspended from the coalition), the PSL’s role within A.N.S.W.E.R. is overt.
As one of the most active members of the coalition. 
PSL has gained notice for successfully forging ties with Arab and Muslim American groups such as the Muslim American Society, Al-Awda and the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee.
This cooperation with these groups has been characterized by conservatives as dangerous collaboration with "Islamists".
Parts-per notation
Often , parts-per notation is the simplest and best measure. 
But other times , it is less suitable or even impossible. 
This sometimes results in agencies such as the World Health Organization or US EPA presenting entire tables of air concentrations that use the weight/volume method, when parts-per notation might have more readily worked for many (but not all) substances present. 
While many contaminants can be easily described using parts-per notation, a few of them present a much more complex picture. 
Parts of a theatre
Trap room: A large open space under the stage of many large theatres.
The trap room allows the stage floor to be leveled, extra electrical equipment to be attached, and most importantly, the placement of trap doors onto the stage (hence the name).
It is usually unfinished and often doubles as a storage area.
It is often also used as a substitute for a crossover.
Partnair Flight 394
The expert concluded that the needle supposed to have been recording the altitude had been shaking so much that it left another mark on the foil.
This told investigators that another component of the aircraft had been vibrating.
Investigators found that during the two week period in July 1989 the aircraft received a major overhaul in Canada by the airline's previous owner.
When the Canadian company made test flights and during the aircraft's first several passenger flights for Partnair, the FDR recorded almost no abnormal vibrations.
Partition of Ireland
Following partition some social and sporting bodies divided but others did not. 
Today in Ireland many sports, such as boxing, rugby union, Gaelic football, hurling and Rugby union, are organised in an all-island basis, with a single team representing Ireland in international competitions.
Selection usually depends on whether his or her sport is organised on an all-Ireland, a Northern Ireland, or a UK basis.
Sports organised on an all-Ireland basis are affiliated to the Republic of Ireland’s Olympic association, whereas those organised on a Northern Ireland or UK basis are generally affiliated to the UK’s Olympic association. 
Particle physics
All the particles and their interactions observed to date can almost be described entirely by a quantum field theory called the Standard Model.
The Standard Model has 17 species of elementary particles (12 fermions (24 if you count antiparticles separately), 4 vector bosons (5 if you count antiparticles separately), and 1 scalar bosons), which can combine to form composite particles, accounting for the hundreds of other species of particles discovered since the 1960s.
The Standard Model has been found to agree with almost all the experimental tests conducted to date. 
However, most particle physicists believe that it is an incomplete description of nature, and that a more fundamental theory awaits discovery. 
Particle image velocimetry
Laser Doppler Velocimetry was predates PIV as a laser-digital analysis system to become widespread for research and industrial use.
PIV itself found its roots in Laser speckle velocimetry, a technique that several groups began experimenting with in the late 1970s. 
At these particle densities it was further noticed that it was easier to study the flows if they were split into many small 'interrogation' areas, that could be analyzed individually to generate one velocity for each area.
The images were usually recorded using analog cameras and needed immense amount of computing power to be analyzed.
Participatory video
PV is used all over the world and has been applied in many different situations , from advocacy and enabling greater participation in development projects to providing a therapeutic and communicative environment for the mentally ill or disempowered. 
Methods vary from practitioner to practitioner, some choosing to keep the process more open, and others preferring to guide the subjects more, or even to wield the camera themselves. 
There is no fixed way in which PV has to be done, other than that it involves the authorship of the group itself and that it be carried out in a truly participative and democratic way.
This quality of flexibility enables PV to be applied to many different situations. 
Participatory economics
(2) Too many meetings: Parecon would seem to require many meetings, perhaps to a debilitating degree.
However, some workers in a capitalist society do little else but attend meetings. 
Thus, while it would be the case that more people attend meetings in the workplace, the total time spent in meetings as a whole might be similar. 
Further, concerning meetings for participatory planning, the planning process would last a few weeks, with time off work to participate.
Participants in World War II
The Soviet Red Army mounted a successful counter-offensive during the winter, and gained the initiative with a series of major victories in 1943, culminating in the ultimate advance of Soviet forces into Eastern Europe and Germany in 1945, concluded with the Battle of Berlin.
The Soviet Union suffered greater losses, both among civilians and military forces, than any of the other participants in the war.
However, the RKKA took out almost two times more axis soldiers than all other allies together.
After the war, the Soviet sphere of influence was widened to cover most of Eastern Europe, formalized in the Warsaw Pact, to counter the western Allies and NATO.
Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act
Citing the Supreme Court case of 'Doe v. Bolton', some pro-life supporters have asserted that the word "health" would render any legal restriction meaningless, because of the broad and vague interpretation of "health." 
This was of particular concern when it came to anticipated arguments that such a definition would encompass "mental health," which some thought would inevitably be expanded by court decisions to include the prevention of depression or other non-physical conditions. 
Pro-choice groups object to this statute primarily because there is no exemption if the 'health' of a woman is at risk.""
Health is one of several reasons why women have chosen to get second trimester abortions, and then this particular procedure has been chosen for additional reasons. 
Parthenon Huxley
Beginning with his earliest recordings, critics have been generous with their praise.
"One of the ten best records ever made in North Carolina" bellowed the Greensboro Record.
Online critic Margot Carmichael Lester gushed about Huxley's 2001 album, "Purgatory Falls is potentially the most honest, moving and complete collection of love songs ever put on one record."
Huxley has been dubbed a "pop visionary", "rock's most underrated pop genius", a songwriting "master" as well as the guy with the "monumental name."
Parson Weems
'Mason Locke Weems' (October 11 1756 - May 23 1825), generally known as 'Parson Weems', was an American printer and author.
He is best known as the source of some of the apocryphal stories about George Washington, including the famous tale of the cherry tree ("I cannot tell a lie, I did it with my little hatchet"). 
'The Life of Washington', Weems' most famous work, contained the story. 
Creating a moral tale to emphasize a character trait was a commonly used literary device in 18th century biographies.
Parsley
'Parsley' ('Petroselinum crispum') is a bright green biennial herb, often used as spice.
It is common in Middle Eastern, European, and American cooking.
Curly leaf parsley is often used as a garnish.
The use of curly leaf parsley may be favored by some because it cannot be confused with poison hemlock, like flat leaf parsley or chervil. 
Parsi
One of these was an enterprising agent named Rustom Maneck who had probably already amassed a fortune under the Dutch and Portuguese. 
Thus, by the mid-18th century, the brokerage houses of the Bombay Presidency were almost all in Parsi hands. 
As James Forbes, the Collector of Broach (now Bharuch), would note in his 'Oriental Memoirs' (1770): " many of the principal merchants and owners of ships at Bombay and Surat are Parsees." 
Gradually certain families "acquired wealth and prominence (Sorabji, Modi, Cama, Wadia, Jeejeebhoy, Readymoney, Dadyseth, Petit, Patel, Mehta, Allbless, Tata, etc.), many of which would be noted for their participation in the public life of the city, and for their various educational, industrial, and charitable enterprises." 
Pars triangularis
Also, almost everyone that has learned a language has learned it at a young age.
Some people are multilingual. 
Some of these multilingual have learned second or third languages in concert with their first, at a young age, and some have learned other languages in their adulthood. 
Studies on different subsets of monolinguals and multilinguals have revealed some interesting findings. 
Parrandas
While every town possesses their own particularities, Parandas in general, follow a very similar structure of events based on their very roots and while they might look similar to Carnivals they actually don’t share much common ground. 
In the Carnivals there are also floats, but instead of two representing districts there are as many as possible for the hosting city because the mayor even here is the float display and it takes hours and kilometers of city for all of them to finish the run.
There are as many rumbas as floats because in Carnivals they become a duo, and the rumba announces the float.
Rumba performers don’t expect the people in town to join them since streets are close in the first place.
Parotitis
The duration of attacks averages 3-7 days but may last 2-3 weeks in some individuals.
The spectrum varies from mild and infrequent attacks to episodes so frequent that they prevent regular school attendance.
Local heat applied to the gland, massaging the gland from back to front, and taking penicillin usually cure individual episodes.
Treatment of individual infections may prevent injury to the gland parenchyma.
Severe disease may be treated by parotidectomy.
Parole
A variant of parole is known as "time off for good behavior," or, colloquially, "good time."
Unlike the traditional form of parole which may be granted or denied at the discretion of a parole board time off for good behavior is automatic absent a certain number (or gravity) of infractions committed by a convict while incarcerated (in most jurisdictions the released inmate is placed under the supervision of a parole officer for a certain amount of time after being so released).
In some cases "good time" can reduce the maximum sentence by as much as one-third.
It is usually not made available to inmates serving life sentences, as there is no release date that can be moved up.
Parol evidence rule
If it contains some, but not all, of the terms as to which the parties have agreed then it is a partial integration.
This means that the writing was a final agreement between the parties (and not mere preliminary negotiations) as to some terms, but not as to others.
On the other hand, if the writing were to contain all of the terms as to which the parties agreed, then it would be a complete integration.
However, many modern cases have found merger clauses to be only a rebuttable presumption. 
Parody religion
Several religions that are classified as parody religions have a number of relatively serious followers who embrace the perceived absurdity of these religions as spiritually significant, a decidedly post-modern approach to religion.
The most notable of these religions may be Discordianism. 
With Discordianism, it may be hard to tell if even these "serious" followers are not just taking part in an even bigger joke. 
This joke, in turn, may be part of a greater path to enlightenment, and so on 'ad infinitum'.
Parmenion
He is said to have acted as a foil to his commander's innovative strategies, by expertly formulating the orthodox strategy. 
For instance, according to Arrian's 'Anabasis', at the Granicus Parmenion suggested delay before the attack, as the army had already marched all day as well as for other political and geographical issues.
This brought the Persian cavalry onto the field first against the Greeks the next morning, setting up a defeat in detail, as is reported in the accounts from that time.
In any event, the outcome may have tempered any youthful brashness on the part of Alexander, for he proceeded very cautiously the next six months or so, almost dawdling as he liberated Greek cities in Asia Minor, and that muting of his aggressiveness is more in line with a near defeat. 
Parmenides (dialogue)
Employing his customary method of attack, the reductio ad absurdum, Zeno has argued that if as the pluralists say things are many, then they will be both like and unlike; but this is an impossible situation, for unlike things cannot be like, nor like things unlike.
But this difficulty vanishes, says Socrates, if we are prepared to make the distinction between sensibles on the one hand and Forms, in which sensibles participate, on the other.
Thus one and the same thing can be both like and unlike, or one and many, by participating in the Forms of Likeness and Unlikeness, of Unity and Plurality; I am one man, and as such partake of the Form of Unity, but I also have many parts and in this respect I partake of the Form of Plurality.
There is no problem in demonstrating that sensible things may have opposite attributes; what would cause consternation, and earn the admiration of Socrates, would be if someone were to show that the Forms themselves were capable of admitting contrary predicates.
Parma, Ohio
Ultimately, investigator Dick DiCicco wrote in his official report that there “was no evidence presented to” substantiate “the allegation that officers were taking turns calling in sick in order that other officers could earn overtime to maintain minimums,” “there was no actual duplicate billing” concerning Sgt. Joe Kuchler and Ptl. John Robertson as indicated in 'The Plain Dealer' articles, and based “on the review of the above activity no specific pattern of reciprocity was detected” on the part of Officer Mekruit.
In turn, on March 11, 2005, The 'Plain Dealer' quoted Councilwoman Stys who summed up the investigation as a “sham,” and on January 12, 2006, prosecutor Dan Kasaris recommended that the case of The State of Ohio vs. Donald Mcnea, a retired Parma police officer who served as a focus of numerous newspaper articles, be dismissed.
Further revelations about the "Witch Hunt", as found in such newspaper articles as "Report clears Parma police in payroll-padding probe," and including the retroactive appointment of a special prosecutor who had been prosecuting (in violation of the Ohio Revised Code) select police union representatives who had raised concerns about possible political corruption, has led to calls for the resignations of many members of the current mayoral administration and city council.
As confirmed on the county website, most recently, on February 26, 2007, Judge Brian J. Corrigan found Patrolman Brian Barta not guilty of bribery.
Officer Barta was earlier discharged of charges of obstructing justice, with the judge citing the fact that the prosecution's witness "skipped court appearances" and was "twice arrested and convicted, for drug trafficking and possession."
Parliamentary sovereignty
'Parliamentary sovereignty', 'Sovereignty of Parliament', 'parliamentary supremacy', or 'legislative supremacy' is a concept in constitutional law that applies to some parliamentary democracies. 
Under parliamentary sovereignty, a legislative body has absolute sovereignty, meaning it is supreme to all other government institutions (including any executive or judicial bodies as they may exist).
Furthermore, it implies that the legislative body may change or repeal any prior legislative acts.
Parliamentary sovereignty contrasts with notions of judicial review, where a court may overturn legislation deemed unconstitutional.
Parliament of the Islamic Republic of Iran
Conservative critics of Ahmadinejad won a substantial bloc in the legislature, highlighting the growing discontent with the president's fiery style and failure to repair the ailing economy of Iran.
Reformists, who seek greater democracy in Iran and closer ties with the West, showed strength in some cities where the clerical leadership allowed them to compete. 
The United States and Europe called the vote unfair after most reformists were barred from running.
82 seats in which no candidate gained more than 25% of the vote in the first round held another round of voting on 25 April 2008; 11 of those seats were in Tehran.
Of the 164 candidates, 69 are considered to be Conservative, 41 Reformists and 54 as Independents.
Parliament of Singapore
The party which forms the majority of seats will have its leader as the Prime Minister, who will then select members of Parliament to form the Cabinet.
In many republics based on the British parliamentary model, the head of state is elected by Parliament; however, since 1993, the President of Singapore has been popularly elected. 
In the last general election in 2006, the incumbent People's Action Party (PAP) won 82 of the 84 seats, with the same configuration as the previous election in 2001, but with a loss of 9% of the popular vote.
The constitution also provides for the appointment of other members of parliament not voted in at an election.
Parliament of Scotland
After 1424, Parliament was often willing to defy the King — it was far from being simply a ‘rubber stamp’ of royal decisions.
During the fifteenth century, Parliament was called far more often than, for instance, the English Parliament — on average over once a year — a fact that both reflected and augmented its influence.
James IV (1488-1513) realised that Parliament could often create more problems than it solved, and avoided meetings after 1509.
This was a trend seen in other European nations as monarchical power grew stronger—for instance England under Henry VII, France and some of the Spanish Cortes Generales. 
Parliament of Finland
Any group of 10 members may raise the question of the legality of the minister's official acts.
The criminal investigation of the Constitutional Committee may also be initiated by the Chancellor of Justice, Parliamentary Ombudsman or by any parliamentary committee.
Similar proceedings may also be initiated against the Chancellor of Justice, Parliamentary Ombudsman or the judges of the supreme courts.
The President of Finland may be also the target of a criminal investigation of the Constitutional Committee, but the parliament must accept the indictment by a majority of three-fourths and the charge must be treason, high treason or a crime against humanity.
Parliament of England
Some strong monarchs even bypassed it completely, although this was not often possible in the case of financial legislation due to the post-Magna Carta convention of parliament granting taxes. 
When weak monarchs governed, parliament often became the centre of opposition against them.
However, when the king was merely seeking advice, he often only summoned the nobility and the clergy, sometimes with and sometimes without the knights of the shires.
On some occasions the Commons were summoned and sent home again once the monarch was finished with them, allowing parliament to continue without them. 
Parliament Building (Quebec)
It features the Second Empire architectural style that was popular for prestigious buildings both in Europe (especially France where the style originated) and the United States during the Victorian era.
Although somewhat more sober in appearance and lacking a towering central belfry, Quebec City's Parliament Building bears a definite likeness to the Philadelphia City Hall, another Second Empire landmark in North America which was built during the same period.
Even though the building's symmetrical layout with a frontal clock tower rising amidships is typical of legislative institutions of British heritage, the architectural style is believed to be unique among parliament buildings found in other Canadian provincial capitals. 
Its facade presents a pantheon representing significant events and people in the history of Quebec.
Parks and open spaces in Wrexham
'Belle Vue Park' - During the 1970s Bellevue Park was neglected and many of the amenities were in a poor state of repair. 
A major project was undertaken to refurbish the Park back to its original splendour.
The park itself has many walkways through mature tree-lined avenues as well as affording some magnificent views of the Parish Church.
The park is well lit and has a number of CCTV cameras installed to deter antisocial behaviour.
Parkmerced, San Francisco, California
The development was completed in the 1950s and was a first home to many military families returning from the Second World War and the Korean War.
Metropolitan Life has built similar apartment blocks in other large cities, including Park La Brea in Los Angeles, Parkfairfax in Viginia, Parkchester in New York and Peter Cooper Village/Stuyvesant Town in Manhattan to name a few.
Parkmerced’s unusual pie-shaped blocks were designed by its architect, Leonard Schultze, and shares many features with his Park La Brea design.
Schultze worked closely with landscape architect Thomas Dolliver Church, who often collaborated with cutting-edge, Modern architects, to refine the plan for Parkmerced.
Parkland High School (El Paso, Texas)
The school's entire landscape was replaced in 2004 with a junior college feel, adding numerous trees and bushes, as well as benches for students to use.
Began as an end of year showcase by art teacher Katherine Gelinas, Parkland now has an art gallery which displays numerous works of art produced by Parkland students.
Art students at Parkland have won various awards for their works of art.
In the fall of 2006, the football team finished undefeated in the regular season for the first time ever, leading many to call the team the school's best ever. 
Parking
Under a common 'house rule', a player who lands on this space wins a jackpot consisting of a collection of fines and taxes that have been placed in the center of the board (rather than having been paid to the Banker, as they would under the official rules).
A popular parlance for sexual activity in public, derived from the cultural phenomenon of "parking" as depicted in many shows and movies about the 1950s 60s and 70s. 
New York real estate investor, David Augustine Palame, started the country's most influential car-parking publication, "Put it in Park, Fellow", in 1942. 
Mr. Palame spent the summer of 1942 living in his automobile and parking in various Manhattan neighborhoods.
Parke County Covered Bridges
The 'covered bridges of Parke County' are well-known tourist attractions in Parke County, Indiana, United States, which touts itself as the "Covered Bridge Capital of the World".
The county has more covered bridges than any other county in the United States.'
This is due to several reasons , mainly due to the numerous streams and creeks in the county, and having the natural resources and designers to build the bridges. 
Daniels and Britton built numerous bridges, 158 in Indiana between them.
Park Gate Down
However, fine, less vigorous grasses are also common such as Sheep's Fescue ('Festuca ovina').
The reserve supports a rich flora including many calcicoles such as Common Milkwort ('Polygala vulgaris'), Small Scabious ('Scabiosa columbaria') and Marjoram ('Origanum vulgare').
Notable species include Slender Bedstraw ('Galium pumilum'), Adder's Tongue ('Ophioglossum'), Horseshoe Vetch ('Hippocrepis comosa') and Columbine ('Aquilegia vulgaris').
Fourteen species of orchid are known to grow at the reserve including some of the UK's rarest species. 
The orchid was introduced to the site during the twentieth century from another Kentish site and has since flourished with over 100 plants.
Park Avenue (Manhattan)
From Cooper Square at 8th Street to Union Square at 14th Street, it is known as 'Fourth Avenue'.
Above 14th Street, it turns slightly east of north to align with other avenues of the Commissioners' Plan of 1811.
From 14th Street to 17th Street, it forms the eastern boundary of Union Square and is known as 'Union Square East'; its southbound lanes merge with Broadway for this distance.
From 17th Street to 32nd Street, it is known as 'Park Avenue South', and above 32nd Street, for the remainder of its distance, it is known as 'Park Avenue'.
Park
The term park is also used in reference to industrial areas, often termed industrial parks.
Small environmental areas, often part of urban renewal plans, are called pocket parks.
The word park may also be used in community names, such as Oak Park or College Park.
Sometimes the active recreational aspect may be expressed in the extreme of naming an amusement park, usually privately owned.
Parisina (Mascagni)
The opera, in four acts, lasted 3 hours and 40 minutes, which was far too long for the Italian public and critics.
The length was condemned by Giovanni Pozza, the most influential Italian critic, in his comment on the first performance. 
After mentioning the numerous qualities in the work he wrote:“Inordinate length: if this flaw is not set to rights, it could only weigh down on Parisina’s sound.
Independent of any judgement on the intrinsic value of the new opera, the Maestro’s most fanatic advocate must express one hope: cut, cut, cut!”.
Paris massacre of 1961
In a 2001 article in 'Esprit', Paul Thibaud discussed the controversy between Jean-Luc Einaudi, who spoke of 200 killed on 17 October, and 325 killed by the police during the autumn of 1961, and Jean-Paul Brunet, who gave an estimate of only 50 (and 160 dead, possible homicide victims, who passed through the IML medico-legal institute during the four months between September and December 1961).
Although criticizing Einaudi on some points , Thibaud also underlined that Brunet had consulted only police archives and took the registers of the IML medico-legal institute at face value. 
Basing himself on others sources, Thibaud pointed out that an administrative dissimulation of the dead had taken place, and that the IML could not be consulted as sole source (as did Brunet).
Thibaud concluded that Einaudi's work made it possible to give an estimate of 300 Algerian victims of murder (whether by police or others) between 1 September and 31 December 1961.
Paris Institute of Technology
ParisTech offers a complete range of courses, independently or in partnership with other institutions (in particular doctoral and Master's degrees), in the core disciplines of science and technology at postgraduate level.
The admission to the Ingénieur degree is widely known as being highly selective. 
Because of the competitive exams, the prestigious colleges and institutes of ParisTech attract the best students, who then often reach the highest positions in their later careers.
Master of Science (MSc) programmes, courses designed to provide an in-depth understanding in various fields of science ranging from Mathematics to Economics.
Paris (2003 musical)
In April 2008, a re-worked version was performed at Laycock St. Theatre with new orchestrations and several new songs by Central Coast musician Andrew Swan and a re-vamped script edited by director Stuart Smith.
School groups have also performed the musical including St Andrew's Cathedral School Sydney, renowned for their professional standard productions.
According to English, the concept for the musical began in a 1982 prank: he wrote a song called "Oh, Paris", about the mythic hero rather than the French capital, just to see how many people actually listened to the words.
'Paris' is about the struggle to maintain some balance between passion and order, law and chaos, head and heart.
Paris
The city's most prized museum, the Louvre, welcomes over 8 million visitors a year, being by far the world's most-visited art museum. 
The city's cathedrals are another main attraction: Its Notre Dame de Paris and the Basilique du Sacré-Coeur receive 12 million and eight million visitors, respectively.
The Eiffel Tower, by far Paris' most famous monument, averages over six million visitors per year and more than 200 million since its construction. 
Disneyland Resort Paris is a major tourist attraction not only for visitors to Paris but for visitors to the rest of Europe as well, with 14.5 million visitors in 2007.
Pareto efficiency
In other words, when one compares the two lists of conditions side by side, one finds that 'a') the WPO list contains 'some but not all' of the conditions found on the SPO list and 'b') the WPO list contains 'no' conditions 'not found' on the SPO list).
The logical consequence may be paraphrased in both of two ways, the only difference being one of emphasis and resulting from how one distributes the negation: 'a') Every allocation that satisfies the conjunction of the conditions for SPO status also (and by virtue of its satisfying that conjunction) satisfies the conjunction of the conditions for WPO status, and 'b') the conjunction of conditions for WPO status disqualifies only a subset of the allocations disqualified by the conjunction of conditions for SPO status.
One may apply the same metaphor to describe the set of requirements for WPO status as being "weaker" than the set of requirements for SPO status.
Therefore, the requirements for WPO status are not merely weaker on balance or weaker according to the odds; rather, one may describe them more specifically and quite fittingly as "Pareto-weaker.")
Paresthesia
In some cases, rocking the head from side to side will painlessly remove the "pins and needles" sensation in less than a minute.
A tingly hand or arm is often the result of compression in the bundle of nerves in the neck.
An arm that has "fallen asleep" may also be "awoken" more quickly by clenching and unclenching the fist several times; the muscle movement increases blood flow and helps the limb return to normal.
However, in some cases this clenching action simply exacerbates the discomfort.
Parenting For Everyone
'Part 2 Upbringing by Cooperation'
The higher level of communication is reached when a parent and a child cooperate in achievement of the common goal.
This common goal can be a challenging project.
However some popular parental discussions about money and things have nothing to do with parenting. 
He also states that "no one from the outside can improve relationships between two people."
Parental alienation syndrome
Since Gardner proposed PAS, other researchers in the field have suggested focussing less on diagnosing a syndrome and more on what has been described as the "alienated child", and the dynamics of the situation that have contributed to the alienation. 
In this view, alienation is seen as a breakdown of attachment between parent and child, and may be caused by multiple factors. 
The behaviors of all family members, including those of the alienated parent, may lead to the family dysfunction and rejection of a parent.
The evaluation of all contributing factors and all possible remedies are recommended in evaluating cases where children has estranged from a parent.
Parental alienation syndrome
Gardner and others have divided PAS into mild, moderate and severe levels. 
In mild cases, there is some parental programming against the targeted parent, but little or no disruption of visitation, and Gardner did not recommend court-ordered visitation. 
In severe cases, children display most or all of the 8 symptoms, and will refuse steadfastly to visit the targeted parent, including threatening to run away or commit suicide if the visitation is forced.
With time, Gardner revised his views and expressed less support for the most aggressive management strategies.
Parental alienation syndrome
Based on the evaluation of PAS, courts in the US have awarded sole custody to some fathers.
Despite Gardner claiming PAS was generally accepted by the scholarly community and passed the Frye test in two states, a 2006 analysis of court cases involving PAS and cited by Gardner concluded that these decisions did not set legal precedent, that PAS is viewed negatively in most legal scholarship, and that Gardner's writings do not support the existence of PAS.
Both held PAS inadmissible and one case found that PAS failed the Frye test as the appropriate professional community did not generally accept; this decision was upheld in an appellate court.
Gardner listed fifty cases on his website that he claimed set precedents that made PAS admissible, but none actually did; forty six set no precedents or did not discuss admissibility and the remaining four were problematic.
Parental Control
During each date, the parents and the current partner watch and comment, often antagonistically, as the date unfolds on television.
First, one of the three is picked to leave before the other two.
The whole process often results in unpleasant behavior from the two who were eliminated.
In some occasions, the child chooses neither the current significant other nor the dates that his or her parents set up for the child.
Parens patriae
In some situations , the parties may have submitted their dispute to formal arbitration proceedings. 
To the extent that such an award conflicts with the best interests of the child, the courts will treat it as void in respect of the child, even though it might be binding on the parents.
The test of the best interests of the child can always be the basis of a challenge by a parent, grandparent, an interested relative, or the child acting through a friend.
Even though there might appear to be a grant of custody in absolute terms by this court, public policy always requires that it can be reviewed by a secular court and, if the state court is of the view that it is not in the best interests of the child, it will be set aside (see 'Stanley G. v. Eileen G.' 
Parc Festyland
The 'bumper boats' are most easily described as dodgem cars on a lake.
People wishing to go on this ride simply climb up some stairs, then sit in a small dinghy when one becomes available.
This may result in some wetness, but enough to cope with on a sunny French day.
They have obtained pictures of people reaching the bottom of the slides, with arms outstretched and an expression of pleasure and fun on their faces.
Paravas
It is just four feet away from another Brahmi inscription discovered by some scholars in 1971. 
As the orthography of this inscription resembles that of Mangulam inscriptions (also in Madurai district), its date may be assigned to 3rd century B.C., say the sources. 
`Paravar' denotes the people of coastal region settled in southern districts of Tamil Nadu.
As many as 60 Tamil Brahmi inscriptions were found during the past over 100 years from 15 villages including, Mangualm, Anaimalai, Azhagarmalai, Tiruvadavur, Keezhavalavu, Tirupparankundram and Varichiyur.
Paratilapia polleni
As such, this fish is an ideal aquarium fish if given the appropriate environment and tank mates for a medium sized aggressive cichlid.
They eat most commercial fish foods, such as flakes, pellets, frozen, and alike.
'P. polleni' displays the same kind of 'intelligent' behavior common to other cichlids.
They can be trained to eat from the hand and will recognize and approach their owner (and often retreat from an unfamiliar person).
In the aquarium, 'P. polleni' are more cautious and easily spooked than many of the more readily available cichlids , but otherwise adaptable to aquarium life. 
If they display full coloration, non-dominant and sub-dominant individuals of any size will often suffer aggression from the alpha individual(s).
For this reason, there is generally only one or two fully colored individuals in an aquarium with many specimens.
These traits may contribute to the relative obscurity of 'P. polleni' in the hobby.
Paraspeckle
Later studies have led to the identification of two additional proteins that are likely components of the paraspeckle.
In 2004 Dettwiler et al. revealed CFI(m)68 as a possible component of the paraspeckle.
Fox et al.'s 2005 article also contains evidence of a possible fifth protein component of the paraspeckle: PSF.
If PSF is in fact part of the paraspeckle that would help further substantiate an assertion by Myojin, et al. that paraspeckle components may participate in pre-mRNA splicing.
Parasitoid
Hymenopteran parasitoids often have fascinating life histories.
A caterpillar chewing these leaves may unknowingly swallow some of the eggs, and when they get into the caterpillar's gut, they hatch and burrow through the gut wall and into the body cavity.
They search the caterpillar's body cavity for other parasitoid larva, and it is these they attack and feed on.
Once in a caterpillar or sawfly larva, some trigonalids need their vehicle to fall prey to a social wasp.
Parashu
He was considered on par with Dronacharya, the Guru who instructed the Pandavas in the epic of the Mahabharata. 
Karna, half brother of Pandavas took instruction in weaponry from Parashurama, a disciple of lord Shiva, and was known to have terrible temper having lost his father to the evil Asuras.
The parashu was known to have super natural powers.
The parashu was also known as the most lethal close combat weapon of the epics. 
Parash Pathar
The credits for 'Parash Pathar' are presented not in Bengali (the language used for credits in almost all of Satyajit Ray's films), not even in English, but in French.
(This is probably because Ray's films had begun to be quite popular in France.) 
For this reason, some DVDs of the film include the title "'Parash Pathar (la pierre philosophale)'," i.e. the title in Bengali and French, respectively. 
In this film, he is merely one of the several guests at the cocktail party.
Paraseptal emphysema
The emphysematous areas are subpleural in location and often surrounded by interlobular septa (hence the name).
It may be an incidental finding in young adults, and may be associated with spontaneous pneumothorax.
It may also be seen in older patients with centrilobular emphysema.
Both centrilobular and paraseptal emphysema may progress to bullous emphysema.
Parari
This book on "SOIL" has been written in a very simple and straightforward manner, which is easy to understand by anyone who may have a simple academic background of general science.
It is based on the Classification System developed in the United States of America and is agreed upon by the Soil Scientists of the most parts of the world.
This is possible only when we consider all aspects of soil's properties and focus on its individuality, as it exists at a particular location and time.
The purpose of this book is to bring awareness in the minds of people of the world that soil is a living identity and must be used with utmost care.
Parapsychology
Laboratory and field research is conducted through private institutions and a small number of universities worldwide.
Privately-funded units at universities in the United Kingdom are among the most active today.
Britain is a lead player, with privately funded labs at the universities of Edinburgh, Northampton and Liverpool Hope, among others."
While parapsychological research has occasionally appeared in mainstream academic journals, most of the recent research is published in a small number of niche journals. 
Parapapio
There are four recognized species, 'Pp. jonesi', 'Pp. whitei', 'Pp. broomi', and 'Pp. antiquus', but these taxonomic designations have generated some controversy.
However, variation in molar size in 'Pp. broomi' overlaps the other two.
Since there may be no significant difference between mean tooth sizes or isotopic signatures in 'Pp. broomi' and 'Pp. jonesi', these may represent a single sexually dimorphic species.
The sample of 'Pp. jonesi' (STS 565) differs enough in facial characteristics that it remains distinctive from other 'Parapapio' species.
Paranoia
Sometimes in common usage, the term 'paranoia' is misused to describe a phobia.
For example, a person may not want to fly out of fear the plane may crash.
The lack of blame in this case usually points to the latter.
An important feature of paranoid thinking is its centrality: that the paranoid person perceives themselves as central figures in an experienced scenario which may be either dangerous (persecutory) or self-exalting (grandiose) and interprets events which have no reference to them in reality as directed at or about them.
Parangipettai
Muslims in Parangipettai can trace their origin to several locations , particularly in the Middle East and North India. 
There are also different Muslim groups in Parangipettai, particularly the Maraicars and Sahibs.
'Maraicar' the name originally derived from the old Tamil term 'Marakkalangalin aayargal' meaning 'Kings of Ships' said to be given by the Southern Tamil King Vijaya Raghunadha Sedhupathy Thondamaan (shortly King Sethu) to the coastal Muslim sea traders who were then reigning the most of the coastal areas with their trade. 
Then, with the constant trade touch and inspiration over the new faith may have changed themselves to Muslims.
Paramythia
There are some Latin inscriptions from 2nd and 3rd century, when the local Parliament of Fotiki was active, meanwhile it seems that the city was active also during the period after. 
In the area were found, besides the Latin inscriptions, some other ancient findings testimonial of a great cultural activity. 
Today, all findings are kept in the museum of Epirus, and in other museums abroad.
Today, these sculptures lie in several museums in London, Russia and Constantinople.
Paramyotonia congenita
Although more typical of the periodic paralytic disorders, patients with PC may also have potassium provoked paralysis.
Patients with this disorder commonly present with myotonia in the face or upper extremities.
The lower extremities are generally less affected.
While some other related disorders result in muscle atrophy, this is not normally the case with PC. 
Paramutation
In epigenetics, 'paramutation' is an interaction between two alleles of a single locus, resulting in a heritable change of one allele that is induced by the other allele.
Paramutation violates Mendel’s first law, which states that in the process of the formation of the gametes (egg or sperm) the allelic pairs separate, one going to each gamete, and that each gene remains completely uninfluenced by the other.
In paramutation an allele in one generation heritably affects the other allele in future generations, even if the allele causing the change is itself not transmitted.
What may be transmitted in such a case are RNAs such as piRNAs, siRNAs, miRNAs or other regulatory RNAs.
Paramilitary forces of India
Railway Protection Force - 70,000 personnel who provide Police Security to Indian Railways (Headed by Indian Police Service Officer)
Indian Home Guard: 600,000 personnel (Headed by Indian Police Service Officer)
Civil Defence: 376,000 (Headed by Indian Police Service Officer)
Special Protection Group: 3000 personnel (Headed by Indian Police Service Officer)
The State Armed Police (Pradeshik) - 450,000 persons who act as a mobile armed reserve maintained at key locations in some states and activated only on the orders from the Additional Commissioner of Police or higher-level. 
Armed constabulary are usually not in contact with the public until they are assigned to VIP duty or assigned to maintain order during fairs, festivals, athletic events, elections, and natural disasters.
They may also be sent to quell outbreaks of student or labor unrest, organized crime, and communal riots; to maintain key guard posts; and to participate in antiterrorist operations.
Depending on the type of assignment, the Provincial Armed Constabulary may carry only lathis or they may be equipped with infantry weapons.
Paramilitarism in Colombia
Historical Background
1960s
Part of the earliest history of paramilitarism in Colombia goes back to the 1960s, when U.S. President John F. Kennedy and his government promoted a proxy war under regional security initiatives such as Plan LASO (Latin American Security Operation), ostensibly to counter the possible extension of Soviet influence in the region at the hands of guerrilla insurgents and local Communist Parties.
As a result, small groups of civilians throughout Latin America were armed and trained as guides, informants and/or security collaborators by local and foreign military officers, with the intention of providing aid in counterinsurgency operations and/or subsequently establishing a permanent citizen militia and intelligence network if possible.
In the specific case of Colombia, Plan LASO was implemented as a military offensive in the southern Tolima Department against Communists, radicalized Liberal guerrillas and self-defense militias, which had set up one of several autonomous enclaves known as Marquetalia.
The Commander of the Colombian Army and later Defense Minister (1962-1965), General Alberto Ruiz Novoa, was a veteran of the Korean War and was influenced by contemporary US military war doctrines, receiving recommendations from a team of military experts which visited the country in February 1962.
Parametric statistics
They are said to have more statistical power. 
For that reason they are often not considered robust. 
On the other hand, parametric formulae are often simpler to write down and faster to compute.
In some , but definitely not all, cases their simplicity makes up for their non-robustness, especially if care is taken to examine diagnostic statistics. 
Parameter
A parametric equaliser is an audio filter that allows the frequency of maximum cut or boost to be set by one control, and the size of the cut or boost by another.
More elaborate parametric equalisers may allow other parameters to be varied, such as skew.
These parameters each describe some aspect of the response curve seen as a whole, over all frequencies.
A graphic equaliser provides individual level controls for various frequency bands, each of which acts only on that particular frequency band.
Paramedics in the United States
An Associate's degree program is 2 years, often administered through a community college.
Degree programs are an option, with two year Associate's degree programs being most common, although four year Bachelor's degree programs exist.
In addition, most locales require that paramedics attend ongoing refresher courses to maintain their license or certification.
In addition to state and national registry certifications, most paramedics are required to be certified in Pediatric Advanced Life Support, Pediatric Prehospital care or Pediatric Emergencies for the Prehospital Provider; Prehospital Trauma Life Support; International Trauma Life Support; and Advanced Cardiac Life Support.
Paramedics in Canada
Even so, they, as most other paramedics in Canada, are permitted to perform regulated medical acts by the process of 'delegation'.
Medical directors are generally ER physicians who work in a hospital associated with the paramedic service.
Other physicians in the base hospital who are allowed to give direct orders to paramedics that exceed their protocols (often via telephone) are referred to as delegating physicians.
These physicians are usually ER physicians.
Paramedics in Australia
Paramedics also work in the inter-facility transport environment where a paramedic will continue or upgrade medical care to a higher level while transporting a patient from one healthcare facility to another.
Paramedics usually transport patients to a hospital-based emergency department, but paramedics can treat patients out of the hospital setting and then not transport the patient to the hospital (e.g. a paramedic gives a diabetic patient 50% dextrose in water).
There are currently substantial efforts in Australia to change this situation, most notably through the Australian College of Ambulance Professionals.
Prior to the 1990s most paramedics were known as "'ambulance officers'".
Paramedic
In the United Kingdom, ambulance services became largely municipal services, with some exceptions , shortly after the end of World War Two. 
All public ambulance services are currently operated by regional entities, most often 'trusts', under the authority of the National Health Service.
Most services train these individuals internally, using a common curriculum.
Initially, many of these individuals were trained internally by the services that employed them, with the step to Paramedic being a logical career path progression for an experienced Ambulance Technician. 
Parambikulam
Thickly forested with strands of Bamboo, Sandalwood, Rosewood and Teak, the sanctuary has some marshy land and scattered patches of grassland.
Parambikulam was once home to some of south India’s finest strands of Teak. 
However, most of them have now been replaced by Teak plantations.
Little remains of the original Teak forests, other than the famous Kannimara teak tree, allegedly the largest tree in Asia. 
Paramara
Men in Madhya Pradesh, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh,Uttarakhand, Bihar and Orissa generally enter careers in uniformed services, such as the military, police and paramilitary forces.
Those in Gujarat often enter business professions, while those in Rajasthan and Sindh take government and police jobs, though most are agrarian.
Maharashtrian and Sindhi Paramaras often choose professions in agriculture or government services, with a particular tendency not to venture out of their home state.
This may be because Marathi and Sindhi Paramaras (and, to a certain extent, the Punjabi Paramaras) have adopted the language and culture of their adopted regions, unlike the Hindi- or Urdu-speaking Paramaras.
Paralympic Games
Classification is split into four groups; BC1: Athletes are either throwers or foot players (with cerebral palsy).
Athletes may compete with an assistant BC2: For throwing players (with cerebral palsy).
Players may not have an assistantBC3: Athletes (with severe disability) who use an assistive device and may be assisted by a person, but this assistant must keep their back to the court.
BC4: For throwing players.
Players may not have an assistant (Non cerebral palsy)
Parallel universe (fiction)
All other universes are increasingly distorted "shadows" of it, ending finally at the other extreme, Chaos, which is the complete negation of the prototype.
Travel between these "shadow" universes is only possible by beings descended from the blood of this pantheon.
Those "of the blood" can walk through Shadow, imagining any possible reality and then walk to it, making their environment more similar to their desire as they go.
It is argued between the characters whether these "shadows" even exist before they're imagined by a member of the royal family of Amber, or if the "shadows'" existence can be seen as an act of godlike creation. 
Parallel bars
A routine performed on the parallel bars must include various elements that depend on the gymnast's competitive level.
The basic swings may be modified in order to execute various flips and turns.
Also, parallel bar routines often feature a strength or static hold skill.
A common dismount is a 'back off', in which the gymnast swings forward in a front support (between the bars) and then executes a backflip over one of the bars, landing in a standing position next to the apparatus.
Parallax Propeller
Each cog has access to some dedicated counter/timer hardware, and a special timing signal generator intended to simplify the design of video output stages, such as composite PAL or NTSC displays (including modulation for broadcast) and VGA monitors.
Parallax thus makes sample code available which can generate video signals (text and somewhat low-resolution graphics) using a minimum parts count consisting of the Propeller, a crystal oscillator, and a few resistors to form a crude DAC.
It is possible to use multiple cogs in parallel to generate a single video signal.
More generally, the timing hardware can be used to implement various pulse-width modulated (PWM) timing signals.
Paraguay
Paraguay was obviously stung by the upsurge in opposition activities, Stroessner condemned the Accord for advocating "sabotage of the general elections and disrespect of the law" and used the national police and civilian vigilantes of the Colorado Party to break up demonstrations.
Hermes Rafael Saguier, another key leader of the PRLA, was imprisoned for four months in 1987 on charges of sedition.
In early February 1988, police arrested 200 people attending a National Coordinating Committee meeting in Coronel Oviedo.
Forty-eight hours before the elections, Laíno and several other National Accord members were placed under house arrest. 
Paragould meteorite
It fell to Earth at approximately 4:08 a.m. on February 17, 1930.
It could be seen as far away as Illinois, Indiana, Missouri, Kansas, and of course, Arkansas.
The meteorite split into many pieces.
The largest piece was discovered by W. H. Hodges in an 8 foot (2 m) hole on his farm a few miles southwest of Finch, Arkansas, near Paragould.
Two other pieces were found, one weighing 33 kg (presently stored in Washington, D.C.) and another 3.75 kg piece presently resides in New York.
Parafunctional habit
The extreme force over teeth can occur during some situations, as a reflex of protection.
It is a protective reflex, although it is considered parafunctional: over clenching.
When this kind of reflex acts it is very important to have a good memory of "best bite" position.
If not, during process, some tooth may be improperly overloaded causing fractures.
Paraffin
In industrial applications, it is often useful to modify the crystal properties of the paraffin wax, typically by adding branching to the existing carbon backbone chain.
The modification is usually done with additives, such as EVA copolymers, microcrystalline wax, or forms of polyethylene.
Pure paraffin wax is rarely used for carving original models for casting metal and other materials in the lost wax process, as it is relatively brittle at room temperature and presents the risks of chipping and breakage when worked.
Soft and pliable waxes, like beeswax, may be preferred for such sculpture, but "investment casting waxes," often paraffin-based, are expressly formulated for the purpose.
Paradyzja
The government and the safety service is trying to suppress every possible knowledge of physics, which could lead to verify if the statements about what Paradise is, explained to Paradisians, are true.
The main hero discovered this, when he was trying to verify if the forces really differ on every floor: all things that would be used to make such an experiment (even such as a spring from his ballpen) have been taken from him by the customs officers and there are no other things for that accessible.
Then he discovers that minutes on clocks in living rooms are not equal to each other.
In addition, Tartar is a planet quite well suitable for settlement and the governing force build for itself also some buildings and gardens, keeping the majority of settlers in the fictional Paradise.
Paradummy
In 1943, the United States Navy Beach Jumper Unit (a deception unit) conducted tests using parachute dummies made of a non-magnetic metal, probably lead or aluminum. 
It is believed that he brought the idea with him from Great Britain, where he was stationed for a time. 
In early March 1943, the test flight with several of these paradummies took place at an airfield near the coast of Chesapeake Bay.
Three observation groups standing at various distances shared in writing their impressions with the navy.
Paradox of thrift
If Enterprise is afoot, wealth accumulates whatever may be happening to Thrift; and if Enterprise is asleep, wealth decays whatever Thrift may be doing.
Thus, Thrift may bethe handmaiden of Enterprise.
But equally she may not.
And, perhaps , even usually she is not and stated the paradox of thrift in 'The General Theory,' 1936: 
Paradise-flycatcher
The genus ranges across Africa and Asia, as well as a number of islands.
A few species are migratory, but the majority are resident. 
The most telling characteristic of the genus is the long tail streamers of the males of many species. 
The species also occurs on a number of islands, including those of Indonesia and the Philippines, Taiwan, and Japan, as well as Madagascar, the Mascarenes and the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean and Sao Tome off Africa's Atlantic coast.
Paradise Road
According to the Australian War Memorial website, there were nearly 100 people, including children and wounded, on the beach after abandoning ship.
While he was away Matron Irene Drummond, the most senior of the Australian nurses, suggested that the civilian women and children should start off walking towards Muntok.
Having separated the men from the women prisoners, the Japanese divided the men into two groups, and marched them along the beach and behind a headland.
They swept up and down the line and the girls fell one after the other.
Paradise Lost
Satan, Beelzebub, and the other rebel angels are described as lying on a lake of fire, from which Satan rises up to claim Hell as his own domain and delivers a rousing speech to his followers ("Better to reign in Hell, than serve in heav'n").
Book II:' Satan and the rebel angels debate whether to wage another war on Heaven, and Beelzebub tells them of a new world being built which is to be the home of Man.
Book VII': Raphael explains to Adam that God then decided to create another world (the Earth); he again warns Adam not to eat the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge, for "in the day thou eat'st, thou diest;/ Death is the penalty imposed, beware,/ And govern well thy appetite, lest Sin/ Surprise thee, and her black attendant Death".'
She eats and takes some fruit for Adam.
Paradise Lost
Milton's first criticism of idolatry focuses on the practice of constructing temples and other buildings to serve as places of worship.
While Adam attempts to build an altar to God, critics note Eve is similarly guilty of idolatry, but in a different manner.
Specifically, Harding claims that "... under the serpent’s influence, Eve’s idolatry and self-deification foreshadow the errors into which her 'Sons' will stray."
Much like Adam, Eve falsely places her faith into herself, the Tree of Knowledge, and to some extent, the Serpent, all of which do not compare to the ideal nature of God.
Paradigm
One important aspect of Kuhn's paradigms is that the paradigms are incommensurable, which means that two paradigms cannot be reconciled with each other because they cannot be subjected to the same measure or common standard of comparison.
That is, no meaningful comparison between them is possible without fundamental modifications in the concepts which are part of the paradigms being compared.
This way of looking at the concept of "paradigm" creates a paradox of sorts, since competing paradigms are in fact constantly being compared with each other.
This definition makes it clear that the real barrier to comparison is not necessarily the absence of common units of measure, but an absence of mutually compatible or mutually intelligible concepts.
Parades in Northern Ireland
Parades are much less common among nationalist or republican communities. 
Unlike unionist parades, the vast majority of nationalist/republican parades do not have religious associations.
The broadly nationalist Ancient Order of Hibernians are sometimes regarded as the 'green Orange Order'. 
Compared to most Protestant organisations they parade relatively infrequently, their main parades being on Saint Patrick's Day, at Easter, and on Lady Day.
At various points during the Troubles the Hibernians offered to voluntarily cease parading if Protestant groups would do the same.
Parade (musical)
The public and some critics received the show coolly. 
A number felt the show took too many liberties in the use of racial slurs. 
Most critics , however, praised the show, especially the score. 
Lincoln Center was the other producer solely responsible for covering the weekly running costs.'
Paraconsistent logic
One way of presenting the semantics for LP is to replace the usual functional valuation with a relational one.
LP is also commonly presented as a many-valued logic with three truth values ('true', 'false', and 'both').
A formula must be assigned 'at least' one truth value, but there is no requirement that it be assigned 'at most' one truth value.
The semantic clauses for negation and disjunction are given as follows:
V( eg A,1) \Leftrightarrow V(A,0)
V( eg A,0) \Leftrightarrow V(A,1)
V(A \lor B,1) \Leftrightarrow V(A,1) \ or \ V(B,1)
V(A \lor B,0) \Leftrightarrow V(A,0) \ and \ V(B,0)
(The other logical connectives are defined in terms of negation and disjunction as usual.)
Or to put the same point less symbolically:
'not A' is true if and only if 'A' is false
'not A' is false if and only if 'A' is true
'A or B' is true if and only if 'A' is true or 'B' is true
'A or B' is false if and only if 'A' is false and 'B' is false(Semantic) logical consequence is then defined as truth-preservation: : \Gamma\vDash A if and only if A\, is true whenever every element of \Gamma\, is true.
Now consider a valuation V\, such that V(A,1)\, and V(A,0)\, but it is not the case that V(B,0)\,.
For this reason, proponents of LP usually advocate expanding the system to include a stronger conditional connective that is not definable in terms of negation and disjunction.
See, for example, Priest (2002), §5.
Paracetamol
The P450 gene is highly polymorphic, however, and individual differences in paracetamol toxicity are believed to be due to a third isoenzyme, CYP2D6. 
Genetic polymorphisms in CYP2D6 may contribute to significantly different rates of production of NAPQI.
Although CYP2D6 metabolises paracetamol into NAPQI to a lesser extent than other P450 enzymes, its activity may contribute to paracetamol toxicity in extensive and ultrarapid metabolisers, and when paracetamol is taken at very large doses.
Following overdose, and possibly also in extensive and ultrarapid metabolizers, this detoxification pathway becomes saturated and consequently NAPQI accumulates. 
Paracels, Spratlys, and Zhongsha Islands Authority
Before the Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea's (UNCLOS III) addendums to the Law of the Sea, the Central government had always maintained a staggering claim to nearly 3.5 million km2 in maritime area of the South China Sea, which equated to roughly one-third of China's total land area.
The Central government claimed this as part of China's sovereign territorial waters, commonly known as "China's blue territories". 
Although many Chinese maps published after UNCLOS III still retain these dashed lines, they have no legal value and are used solely as a reference line to denote that "all features (islands, reefs, banks, shoals, cays, sands) located within the dashed lines are sovereign territory of the People's Republic of China".
Coupled with officially published laws of the past, China's new internal waters and territorial waters, namely, China's "blue territories", could thus be calculated to an area of approximately 31,000 km2.
Paracel Islands
Lying in the most northeastern of the Paracel Islands, at the coordinates of 16.97 degrees North and 112.28 degrees East, the group consists of six low narrow islands with sand cays; enclose shallow lagoons, connected by reefs of rock, and about 37 km northwest from Lincoln Island.
Together they form the upper branch of an ellipse of 22 km long semimajor axis that approximately orientates from west to east.
The southern section consists of two islands called Woody and Rocky Islands lying very near each other.
The former located approximately 5 km southwards from the southern tip of the east extremity of the northern section.
Parable of Drawing in the Net
A parable is often described as 'a story that uses earthly (or temporal) elements to teach a heavenly (or eternal) lesson.'
In Matthew 13, Jesus had been using several parables to tell the people about different aspects of the Kingdom of Heaven.
According to the gospels, Jesus' audience, as well as his disciples, often misunderstood these parables.
In fact, in the same chapter as this parable, Jesus' disciples had just come to him and asked,"Why do you speak to the people in parables?"
Par (score)
Three under par (-3); often called a 'double eagle'.
Extremely rare, and occur most commonly on par-fives with a strong drive and a holed approach shot.
Holes-in-one on par-four holes (generally short ones) are also albatrosses.
The most famous albatross was made by Gene Sarazen in 1935, which propelled him into a tie for first at The Masters Tournament.
Pappy Boyington
There is some controversy surrounding Boyington's AVG victory claims.
Boyington also felt that the AVG staff wrongly calculated claims from a raid on Chiang Mai, Thailand.
Six pilots were involved in a raid that supposedly destroyed 15 Japanese aircraft on the ground, giving each man 2.5 victory credits for the raid. 
Boyington apparently decided that the two pilots who flew top cover should not have shared in the bounty, though it was often the case that when a pilot was shot down victory credits were equally shared among all taking part in the raid.
Paper size
In addition to the A series, there is a less common B series.
So, B1 is between A0 and A1 in size, with an area of 0.71 m2 (?0.5).
As a result, B0 has two sides 1 metre long, and other sizes in the B series have two sides that are half, a quarter or an eighth etc of a metre.
While less common in office use, it is used for a variety of special situations. 
Many posters use B-series paper or a close approximation, such as 50 cm×70 cm; B5 is a relatively common choice for books.
Paper popper
A 'paper popper' is a party prank that is commonly practiced in public schools.
There a many variations of a paper popper, but they all involve a folded sheet of paper being gripped and thrusted down, causing air to be forced into the paper's folded flaps, making the paper flaps pop out in the opposite direction at a high velocity, thus making a loud popping noise.
According to popular misconception the sound is supposed to be caused by the paper breaking the sound barrier. 
Most papers work for poppers, although some are louder than others. 
Paper marbling
The current Turkish tradition of ebru dates to the mid 19th century, with a series of masters associated with a branch of the Naqshbandi Sufi order based at what is known as the Özbekler Tekkesi, located in Sultantepe, near Üsküdar.
It is said that he learned the art in Bukhara and taught it to his sons Edhem and Salih. 
Based upon this, many Turkish marblers have stated that the art was perpetuated by Sufis for centuries, although evidence for this claim is has never been concretely established. 
It is said that the papers were tied into bundles and sold by weight. 
Paper marbling
'Paper marbling' is a method of aqueous surface design, which can produce patterns similar to marble or other stone, hence the name.
The patterns are the result of color floated on either plain water or a viscous solution known as size, and then carefully transferred to a sheet of paper (or other surfaces such as fabric).
This decorative material has been used to cover a variety of surfaces for several centuries.
It is often employed as a writing surface for calligraphy, and especially book covers and endpapers in bookbinding and stationery.
Paper Walls
However, recently it has been said that "Shadows and Regrets" is about Scott Shad, former drummer of Inspection 12 and best friend of Ryan Key, who died in a car crash. 
And we were best of friends.
And we hoped for the best.
While this could understandably be about Ben Harper, he and Key only met in high school, whereas Key and Shad knew each other their entire lives.
Paper Planes
In the video, several paper planes fly over New York City.
M.I.A. appears as an immigrant who sells sandwiches from a van to several other New Yorkers.
At the sound of the gunshots, quick shots of street signs, people, and restaurant signs appear.
She can be seen wearing a Metallica 'Ride the Lightning' shirt in several parts of the music video.
Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door
The game's visuals received a mixed response from critics.
GameSpot enjoyed the game's presentation, writing that "it exhibits a level of visual artistry and technical prowess matched or exceeded by few other GameCube games".
Conversely, other reviewers complained that the graphics were not much of a visual upgrade from its predecessor, 'Paper Mario'. 
RPGamer commented that the music "for the most part is done very well", but that the perceived repetitive battle music was "one of the biggest flaws" of the game.
Papasidero
Are represented with some care, such as the nostrils, mouth, the eye just mentioned, the ear.
Below the great figure of a bull is cut, much more subtly, another figure of bovine animals to which they are executed only the chest, his head and part of the back.
In front of the rock with the bovine animals there is another of about 3.50 meters long, with a linear cut of meaning apparently incomprehensible.
In the cave, visited by many tourists, you can see, the place of their discovery, the reproductions of tomb dated around 9200 years BC , Each containing a pair of individuals arranged in a well-defined ritual.
One of these pairs of burial was found in the cave and two other couples in the shelter, not far from the rock with the figure of the bull.
Papal conclave
John proved to be a radical break with the two previous popes, and indeed with most of the popes of the 20th century. 
After a short but dramatic pontificate during which he convoked the Second Vatican Council which resulted in wide ranging changes in the church, the surprise John was replaced by the widely expected choice Giovanni Batista Cardinal Montini, who many believed would have been elected in 1958, had he been a cardinal then. 
Yet Pope Paul VI was succeeded (albeit for a short time) by the non-curialist Pope John Paul I (1978), who it was said was chosen not as an experienced insider or administrator, but as a "simple, holy man". 
He in turn was succeeded by the non-Italian Pope John Paul II (1978–2005), who spoke many languages.
Papal conclave
In the early centuries of Christianity the Bishop of Rome (like other bishops) was chosen by the consensus of the clergy and people of Rome.
The body of electors was more precisely defined when, in 1059, the College of Cardinals was designated the sole body of electors.'
At the Lateran Synod of 13 April 1059 Nicholas II decreed (In nomine Domini) that the pope is to be elected by the six cardinal bishops.
Since then other details of the process have developed. 
The Pope may change the procedures for electing his successor by issuing an apostolic constitution; the procedures were established by Pope John Paul II in his constitution 'Universi Dominici Gregis' and amended by a 'motu proprio' of Pope Benedict XVI dated 11 June 2007.
A two-thirds majority of the electorate is required to elect the new pope.
Paolo Quagliati
Most of his life he spent in the service of various royal and aristocratic families. 
Most likely he was organist at Santa Maria Maggiore from around 1608 until his death. 
During that time he also served as organist for various formal occasions around the city, and eventually he became private chamberlain to Pope Gregory XV.
Towards the end of his life he was much respected, if not renowned, by his fellow composers, as can be judged from dedications of collections of music to him; however, some of this may have been less due to the quality of his music than to his direct papal connections and immense influence. 
Paolo Oss Mazzurana
Mazzurana is considered as the symbol of an age of great progress from the civil and social point of view and from a more strictly economic one of the city and of the entire Trentino. 
The introduction of the electric power in the houses of Trento, the "democratic light", as he had defined, created workplaces and promoted the well-being of the popular classes, giving impulse to industrialization.
At the same time Mazzurana promoted a series of studies in order to create an electrical tramway net, in order to permit workers to reach Trento from the surrounding area.
Amongst the most important realizations are the new urban planning of the city, the new School Palace (currently School of Sociology), the renovation of the area of the railway station, the Kindergarten, and the new quarters opened for the labourers.
Paolo Farinati
He may have ancestors among Florentine stock to which belonged the Ghibelline leader Farinata degli Uberti, celebrated in Dante's 'Divina Commedia'. 
He was succeeded by other members of the Cagliari family, of whom most or all were outlived by Farinato.
He was instructed, according to Giorgio Vasari, by his father and by the Veronese Niccolo Giolfino, and probably by Antonio Badile and Domenico del Riccio (Brusasorci). 
His first major work was an altarpiece for the duomo di Mantua.
Paolo Bettini
Two hours later, I can tell you, he had won the respect of the others.
He was making proper changes.
In a madison race, one rider races as the other circles the track slowly, to rest.
It demands not only acrobatic skill and strength but the talent to get near the other rider in the first place, riding at 50kmh on a 250m track with up to 30 riders moving at different speeds., he was taking part in the race and he was going better and better.
The others couldn't believe their eyes ['commencaient a ne plus voir le jour'].."
Panzerschreck
In 1941, when the Germans encountered the new Soviet tank designs such as the T-34, they quickly discovered the effectiveness of the high explosive anti-tank (HEAT) round which many of their early tanks such as the Panzer IV were equipped with against this new threat.
Later in the fighting in Africa, German troops captured many Allied bazooka in North Africa as well as some lend-lease versions on the Eastern front.
The German Military tampered with the Panzerschreck for years often to no avail.
One variation was created and was known as the Shriekenpeip, which had a similar relationship with the Panzerschreck as the Raketenpanzerbüchse had with the M1A1 Bazooka.
Panzergrenadier
The Panzergrenadier divisions were organized as combined arms formations, usually with six battalions of truck-mounted infantry organized into either two or three regiments, a battalion of tanks, and an ordinary division's complement of artillery, reconnaissance units, combat engineers, anti-tank and anti-aircraft artillery, and so forth.
All these support elements would also be mechanized in a PzGren. division, though most of the artillery, anti-tank, and anti-aircraft elements were equipped with weapons towed by trucks rather than the relatively rare armored and self-propelled models.
In practice the PzGren. divisions were often equipped with heavy assault guns rather than tanks, due to a chronic shortage of tanks throughout the German armed forces.
A few elite units, on the other hand, might have the tanks 'plus' a battalion of heavy assault guns for their anti-tank element, and armored carriers for some of their infantry battalions as well.
Panzer II
'Panzer II' is the common name of a German tank used in World War II.
Designed as a stopgap while other tanks were developed, it played an important role in the early years of World War II, during the Polish and French campaigns.
By the end of 1942 it was largely removed from frontline service and production of the tank itself ceased by 1943, but its chassis was used for several other armored vehicles.
In 1934, delays in the design and production of the Panzer III and Panzer IV tanks were becoming apparent.
Production began in 1935, but it took another eighteen months for the first combat-ready tank to be delivered.
Pantyhose for men
In American English, the term pantyhose refers to a garment traditionally worn by women, at least since their introduction in 1959.
However, some manufacturers also produce 'pantyhose for men' (or male pantyhose, or men's legwear). 
Being so strongly associated with women's clothing in many people's minds , it was at first difficult to overcome societal obstacles to men wearing pantyhose. 
Now, the sight of a man wearing pantyhose or opaque tights on any major city in the U.S. attracts barely even a second glance.
Pantyhose fetishism
They remove the appearance of blemishes, making the legs “perfect”.
The reflectiveness of the material, coupled with the way they appear less transparent at the edges, often gives legs more contrast and definition, as though lit by dramatic lighting.
This accentuates the curves of the legs, making them less “flat”, and can also make legs appear slimmer (with dark pantyhose).
They often have a silky texture which is pleasing to both the wearer and her partner. 
They enhance the pleasure (and anticipation) associated with the removal of a woman’s clothes.
Not only serving as an additional item to be removed; they allow the exciting moment of exposure to be drawn out much longer than other clothing items, as the pantyhose are slowly pulled down the legs. 
This vulnerability is often sexually attractive, and can often result in the women engaging in shoe dangling or shoe play which is also appealing to shoe and foot fetishists.
Pantun Sunda
A single performer relates the tales the story of a hero’s initiation; the protagonist leaves his kingdom in order to seek experiences, beautiful princesses to become his wife, power, other kingdoms to subject, the realization of a dream (Rosidi 1984a:143); after having succeeded in reaching his goal he finally returns to his kingdom.
Alongside memories of historical events the stories often contain mythical elements.
Pantun were not written down, the bards often being illiterate, in many case blind.
The form of the pantun was not strictly fixed; however, the dominant language from employed in most pantun was the octosyllabic verse.
Pantun
In its most basic form the pantun consists of a quatrain which employs an abab rhyme scheme.
A pantun is traditionally recited according to a fixed rhythm and as a rule of thumb, in order not to deviate from the rhythm, every line should contain between eight and 12 syllables.
The first and second lines sometimes appear completely disconnected in meaning from the third and fourth, but there is almost invariably a link of some sort. 
The pantun is highly allusive and in order to understand it readers generally need to know the traditional meaning of the symbols the poem employs.
Pantip Plaza
Prices on new hardware such as digital cameras, printers, computers, and other electronics can be significantly lower than in Western countries, but products are often factory seconds or refurbished goods.
However, stores commonly offer to give purchasers a discount if the purchaser does not take a receipt, thereby allowing the stores to falsify their VAT tax reports.
Note that this is often a bad deal for the traveling foreign purchaser, since the purchaser would have been refunded the full amount of the VAT at the airport, and the "discount" is invariably smaller than the VAT tax would have been.
Also, for warranty service, manufacturers usually require a receipt to show proof of purchase.
Pantherophis vulpina
These docile, harmless snakes use several tricks to try and scare away predators.
They may shake their tails in dry leaves to trick other animals into thinking that they are rattlesnakes.
They can also give off a stinky musk from glands near their tail, to make them smell less appetizing to other animals.
As a last resort, these snakes may hiss loudly and strike at the threat, to try and bluff their way to safety.
Panther chameleon
Females are generally much smaller, about half the size.
Coloration varies with location, and the different color patterns of Panther Chameleons are commonly referred to as 'locales', which are named after the geographical location in which they are found.
There are numerous other color phases, and patterns differ between and within regions.
Female Panther Chameleons generally remain tan and brown no matter what region they are from, but there are slight differences in patterns and colors among the different color phases.
Panther Creek High School (North Carolina)
Theater I consists of the more basic aspects of theater such as the history behind it or improvisation, but as the class gets higher with every level, the students learns many more of the details that go into theater.
Mr. Cox's classes usually have a few end-of-class performances containing every one of his students performing separate scenes.
The Theatre I & II classes usually have written scenes and the Theatre III and IV classes have scenes that the Theatre III students act in while the Theatre IV students are the directors.
These are performed for other classes or during SMART lunch near the end of the semester.
Panspermia
On May, 2001, two researchers from the University of Naples claimed to have found live extraterrestrial bacteria inside a meteorite.
Geologist Bruno D'Argenio and molecular biologist Giuseppe Geraci claim the bacteria were wedged inside the crystal structure of minerals, but were resurrected when a sample of the rock was placed in a culture medium.
They believe that the bacteria were not terrestrial because they survived when the sample was sterilized at very high temperature and washed with alcohol.
They also claim that the bacteria's DNA is unlike any on Earth.
Panoz LMP-1 Roadster-S
At Le Mans, the two factory Panozes were joined by the Den Bla Avis Panoz that had had a best finish of third so far in the Sports Racing World Cup.
The other four cars took fifth, sixth, eighth, and fifteenth.
Panoz would not manage another podium finish in the ALMS until the seventh round, followed by another at Portland.
The defending Petit Le Mans winners would once again lose to BMW by taking only third and fourth at the event, before closing out the season without another podium.
Panmunjom
The meetings took place in several tents set up on the north side of the Kaesong-Seoul road on the west bank of the Sa'cheon stream; the village, a small cluster of less than ten huts, was opposite the negotiation site on the south side.
The eighteen copies of Volume I and II of the armistice were signed by the Senior Delegates of each side in a building constructed by both sides over a 48-hour period (North Korea provided labor and some supplies, the United Nations Command provided some supplies, generators and lighting to allow the work to continue at night).
After the cease-fire was signed, construction began in September 1953 on a new site located approximately one kilometer east of the village; this is the Joint Security Area and all meetings between North Korea and the United Nations Command or South Korea have taken place here since its completion.
The JSA is often, mistakenly, called Panmunjeom.
Pankrác Prison
Nevertheless, the expanding Prague encompassed the prison within several decades.
During Nazi German occupation in 1939-1945 thousands of Czech people, from members of the Resistance to black marketeers, were detained here before having been sent to execution, to another prison within Germany or to concentration camp.
Between April 5, 1943 and April 26, 1945 a total of 1,079 people were beheaded by guillotine in Pankrác.
In the last decades before the abolition of capital punishment in Czechoslovakia the vast majority of executions (by hanging) took place here, the last in 1989.
Panic disorder
Panic disorder sufferers usually have a series of intense episodes of extreme anxiety during panic attacks.
However, attacks can wax and wane for a period of hours (panic attacks rolling into one another), and the intensity and specific symptoms of panic may vary over the duration.
The outward symptoms of a panic attack often cause negative social experiences (i.e. embarrassment, social stigma, social isolation, etc.).
As many as 36% of all individuals with panic disorder also have agoraphobia.
Panic disorder
Because of the intense symptoms that accompany panic disorder, it may be mistaken for a life-threatening physical illness such as a heart attack.
This misconception often aggravates or triggers future attacks.
People frequently go to hospital emergency rooms when they are having panic attacks, and extensive medical tests may be performed to rule out these other conditions, thus creating further anxiety.
Identification of treatments that engender as full a response as possible, and can minimize relapse, is imperative.
Panic disorder
About 30% of people with panic disorder use alcohol and 17% use other psychoactive drugs.
This is in comparison with 61% (alcohol) and 7.9% (other psychoactive drugs) of the general population who use alcohol and psychoactive drugs, respectively.
Utilization of recreational drugs or alcohol generally make symptoms worse (American Psychiatric Association: Practice guideline for the treatment of patients with panic disorder.
Cannabis commonly precipitates panic in panic patients.
Panhard Dyna Z
The soft engine mounts made the clutch difficult for an inexperienced driver to operate smoothly.
The unusual engine had an unusual sound that led some people to think it was a two stroke. 
Light bulbs burned out often, giving the impression that the company had gone too far in cutting costs.
It had no steering wheel lock but, in the U. S., its unusual controls appeared to make it almost theft proof.
This made them all easy to find, but one could confuse the turn signal and high beam motions.
Lubrication required a more versatile lift than was available in many gas stations, at that time.
It was always cited as the example of car aerodynamics (though the Kamm principle was not yet used).
Panhandle
A 'panhandle' or 'salient' is an informal geographic term for an elongated tail-like protrusion of a geo-political entity, such as an administrative division or a sovereign state that extends into another such entity as a peninsula extends into the sea.
The former "folksy" term derives from the analogous part of a cooking pan and its use is generally confined to the United States.
A panhandle is similar to a peninsula in shape, but unlike a peninsula it is not surrounded by water on three sides (but may have water on one or two sides, like Florida's panhandle) and connected to a geographical mainland, but is a land region surrounded on three sides by land regions not of the same jurisdiction.
The panhandle shape is the result of arbitrarily drawn international or subnational boundaries, although the location of some administrative borders takes into account other considerations such as economic ties or topography.
Panglima Gagah Berani
After a few minutes, the enemy launched a counter attack against Platoon 8.
At that same time Major Ismail with Platoon 9 faced an attack from another group of enemy.
In this position, he and his group exchanged fire with the enemy, successfully killing another and wounding a few of the enemy.
The enemy was estimated to be some 70 strong and armed with automatic weapons and high explosives.
Panetti v. Quarterman
Panetti was entitled to the procedural protections of 'Ford' because he had made the required threshold showing; indeed, if he had not done so, why had the state trial court appointed the mental health experts to evaluate him?
The state courts refused to transcribe the proceedings, failed to keep Panetti's counsel apprised of the progress of Panetti's claim of incompetence, and arguably failed to hold the competency hearing required by Texas law.
Most importantly, however, the Texas courts did not afford Panetti an opportunity to refute the opinions of the court-appointed experts.
Although counsel had asked the trial court to give him money to hire experts of his own, the trial court ended the case without ruling on that request.
Panetti v. Quarterman
Panetti had not raised his claim that he was not competent to be executed-what lawyers call a 'Ford' claim-in his first federal habeas petition.
The Court ruled that Panetti's petition was not barred as "second or successive" because his 'Ford' claim did not become ripe until his execution was imminent.
"An empty formality requiring prisoners to file unripe 'Ford' claims neither respects the limited legal resources available to the States nor encourages the exhaustion of state remedies."
Accordingly, Panetti's 'Ford' claim was not barred by the second-or-successive rule, and the Court had jurisdiction to entertain Panetti's appeal.
Panel van
The first panel vans were manufactured by Holden and Ford in the late 1950s, but didn't become popular until the mid-1960s.
By the early 1970s, usually when based on the Holden Kingswood and Ford Falcon model of the time, panel vans had become Australian cultural icons.
The Holden Sandman is probably the best-remembered of these: for example, one of the vehicles driven by Mel Gibson in the 1979 movie 'Mad Max' was thought to be either a Sandman or a customised Kingswood panel van (apparently a 1975 HJ model in both cases). 
Ford panel vans (known briefly as Sundowners) were also popular, to a lesser degree.
Panel de Pon
'Panel de Pon' provides several single-player modes.
In Endless Mode, the player is challenged to play as long as possible with a continuously rising stack of blocks, which increases in speed over time.
Timed Mode challenges the player to score as many points as possible within a two-minute time limit, and Stage Clear mode takes the player through a series of stages in which the objective is to clear blocks below a set line.
A Puzzle Mode is also provided, which presents the player with a number of puzzles where he or she must clear all of the blocks in a set number of moves.
Paneer
A part of Mughlai cuisine, Paneer is the only type of cheese traditionally used in Indian cuisine.
The ruling aristocracy from 1500 until the mid 19th Century was of Turkic', (Central Asian), and Persian origin, and it was they who introduced paneer to India, although some have theorised that paneer came to the Persians, Indians and Greeks much earlier. 
As a result, in many parts of India , paneer is an aspirational food, and defines sumptuousness in vegetarian feasts. 
It is very popular when wrapped in dough and deep-fried or served with either spinach (palak paneer) or peas (matar paneer).
In eastern India, two kinds of cheese are commonly found: 'ponir' (a hard paneer) and 'chhana' or 'chhena' (a soft paneer).
Pandyan Dynasty
This was because other feudatories of the Hoysalas were also growing in power and threatening the Hoysala kingdom itself.
The challenged Hoysalas did have a foothold in and around Tiruchy and Srirangam for a few years and seemed to have indulged in some temple building activity at Srirangam also.
He first vanquished the Kadava Pallavas under Kopperinchungan-II, who had challenged the Hoysala army stationed in and around Kanchi and killed a few of their commanders.
Though Rajendra III suffered another defeat at the hands of Vira Someshwara, because of the growing power of Pandiyans being felt by both Cholas and Hoysalas, there was a political affinity between the two which was cemented also by marital relations.
Pandora
Régnier portrayed Pandora with a jar, not a box.
The mistranslation of 'pithos', a large storage jar, as "box"
The development of this transformation was sketched by Jane Ellen Harrison; she traced the mistranslation as far as Lilius Giraldus of Ferrara, in his 'Historiarum Deorum Syntagma' (1580), in which 'pithos' was rendered 'pyxide', and she linked the 'pithos' with the 'Pithoigia' aspect of the Athenian festival of Anthesteria.
is usually attributed to the sixteenth century humanist Erasmus of Rotterdam when he translated Hesiod's tale of Pandora into Latin.
Hesiod's 'pithos' refers to a large storage jar, often half-buried in the ground, used for wine, oil or grain.
"'In the vase painting in fig.7 from a lekythos in the University Museum of Jena we see a Pithoigia of quite other and solemn intent.
The vase-painting is in fact only another form of the scene so often represented on Athenian white lekythoi, in which the souls flutter round the grave-stele.
Pando Department
Culturally, the Pandinos are considered part of the so-called Camba culture of the Bolivian lowlands. 
That is, in habits, attitudes, and speech, they are similar to the people of the country's other 2 tropical departments, Beni and Santa Cruz.
Indeed, many of Pando's original settlers moved there from nearby Beni.
It has been remarked that the Camba dialect, as well as the customs of the inhabitants of Bolivia's tropical lowlands, are almost purely Andalusian. 
Pandemonium 2
When Nikki gets a power, she loses all other powers she had before it.
This will destroy most enemies in one hit, but it will take some enemies more hits.
For Fargus, he becomes invincible and can destroy any enemy by merely touching them, but he can't stop moving forward while using it and he can't use any of his other abilities while using it, aside from jumping and movement.
For Fargus, Sid starts glowing several different colors at a time and when he connects with the enemy, the player can press square to inflate the enemy.
Pandemonium 2
Like Pandemonium's heart containers, Pandemonium 2's "life pieces" are the most coveted of all treasures and are nearly impossible to find.
Despite being a platform game, 'Pandemonium 2's life pieces are extremely difficult to locate, as certain things may distract one from seeing the less obvious path leading to the life piece, or simply because the area is hard to reach. 
However, no one knows of anyone who has found the location all of the life pieces and come forward with the information, although there are rumors.
The levels that have life pieces are:
Level 4: Hot Pants
Level 8: Temple of Nori
Level 11: Pipe Haus
Unknown ( rumored to be Level 5: Stan's the man, as a reward for going through all of the rings, both pink and green, possibly without hitting any, similar to the first game's level 5, fungus grotto) 
Unknown
Pandemonium 2
Being a few eggs short of an omelet, Fargus's maturation took a downturn after several laboratory 'mishaps' and the infamous Pancake Incident.
He can't even tie his shoes, be he can build a thermonuclear bomb from common household items, and set a fortress on fire before you can say Werner von Braun.
He may be an idiot savant, but he's got great hair."
Sid can cross verbal wits with the best of them.
.338 Winchester Magnum
The '.338 Winchester Magnum' was introduced in 1958 by Winchester Repeating Arms Company.
It is based on the.458 Winchester Magnum and is suited for all kinds of large game in North America. 
It is also a useful round for thin-skinned African game.
2.5D
'2.5D' (two-and-a-half dimensional) is an informal term used to describe visual phenomena which are considered "between" 2D and 3D. 
This is often also called 'pseudo-3D'. 
2001 Cincinnati riots
In Cincinatti between February 1995 and April 2001, fifteen black males under the age of 40 were killed by police or died in custody.
The Manifesto of Ascendancy for the Modern American Nigger by John Ridley, published in Esquire'Klepal, Dan and Andrews, Cindi.
"Stories of 15 black men killed by police since 1995".
During the time span cited, regardless of the crime or whether or not white-suspects resisted, no whites died in police custody.
Of the fifteen black men, three (including Thomas) did not possess or employ any weapons against police during the confrontations.
During these confrontation four police officers were killed or wounded.
No police were ever found guilty through any civil or criminal trials as a result of these incidents, and in only one case were the police officers involved reprimanded and given extra training (officers Michael Miller III and Brent McCurley, in the case of the death of Michael Carpenter).
Some note that the number of deaths during confrontations with police is relatively proportional for a city the size of Cincinnati but the focus of the issue was on the fact that only blacks died during that span. 
867-5309/Jenny
Although Tommy Tutone is primarily remembered for this song and commonly considered a "one-hit wonder," they actually had a Billboard Top 40 hit in 1980—two years before "Jenny"-with "Angel Say No," which peaked at #38. 
"Angel Say No," however, is now almost completely forgotten by the general public.
867-5309/Jenny
It is often said that the phone number 867-5309 was that of an apartment building in State College, Pennsylvania, home of Penn State University. 
The number is said to have belonged to a girl living in downtown State College in either the Beaver Hill or Cedarbrook apartment buildings. 
Allegedly , this female had connections (although not clear what kind of connections) to the band, which is why her phone number was used. 
A7V
The name is probably derived from the 'Allgemeines Kriegsdepartement 7 Abteilung Verkehrswesen' ("General War Department 7, Branch Transportation"), although some theorize that Hauptmann Joseph Vollmer gave the V to the name. 
In German the tank was called 'Sturmpanzer-Kraftwagen' (roughly "assault armoured motor vehicle").
Above the Influence
Some of its methods , however, have come under question , viewed by the cannabis community as overt propaganda. 
One advertisement, for example, features a dog judging and alienating an individual for smoking marijuana, reinforcing social prejudice and detachment from teen marijuana users, instead of advocating support systems.
In addition, the legality of using government funding to support social perceptions about drugs instead of informing people of their negative effects is highly controversial , claimed by those opposing the advertising campaign to be the precise definition of propaganda. 
The majority of cannabis users feel that these adverts encourage discrimination against them, insult them, encourage their alienation from society and make them look like hard drug users. 
Admiral's Men
The 'Admiral's Men' (more strictly, the 'Earl of Nottingham's Men'; after 1603, 'Prince Henry's Men'; after 1612, the 'Elector Palatine's Men' or the 'Palsgrave's Men') was a theatre company in the Elizabethan and Jacobean eras, generally considered the second most important acting troupe of English Renaissance theatre (after the company of Shakespeare, the Lord Chamberlain's or King's Men). 
Aegis
Later Greeks always detected that there was something alien and uncanny about the aegis.
It was supposed by Euripides ('Ion', 995) that the Gorgon was the original possessor of this goatskin, yet the usual understanding is that the 'Gorgoneion' was 'added' to the aegis, a votive gift from a grateful Perseus. 
Agriculture in Russia
This means that current prospects for significant, long-term investment in agriculture – particularly the purchase of agricultural machinery and grain-storage facilities – are somewhat dim.
Land reform has been evolving in Russia since the basic right to own farmland was established in 1993, but "landowners" are still unable to use land as collateral in securing a loan.
The situation, however, is not one that can be resolved quickly or easily through legislation alone.
There is no mechanism currently in place to enable banks to evaluate the value of land based on its productivity before issuing loans, and banks likely would be reluctant to use land as collateral regardless of legislation.
Furthermore, there are restrictions against non-agricultural use of land that is currently used for agriculture: if land is used for other purposes, the owner loses the title to the land.
This imposes a limit on the land’s "re-sellability," and, in turn, its value.
Most observers believe that the use of land as collateral is years away. 
Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000
The Clinton problem: The Clinton administration had presided over an economic boom and the balancing of the federal budget.
Normally, a Vice President running under such circumstances would have played up his connection to the administration.
Clinton's personal scandals, however, made that approach more problematic for Gore.
It has been suggested that he should have involved Clinton much more heavily in his campaign considering President Clinton's approval ratings were in the high 60s throughout 2000 and that Clinton had helped Democrats pick up seats in Congress in the 1998 midterm elections, in which Democrats made significant gains; others have said that he should have done more to distance himself from Clinton. 
The Lieberman problem: Gore's choice of moderate senator Joe Lieberman as his running mate alienated many of those on the left of the Democratic Party.
Many voters who otherwise may have supported Gore turned to the Green Party candidate, Ralph Nader.
However, if Gore had chosen a strongly liberal running mate, many moderate voters might have swung to George W. Bush.
Some have speculated that Lieberman's Jewish religious affiliation may have alienated some voters, and caused them to vote for Bush; however, Lieberman's orthodox and public religiousity may have attracted conservative Christian voters. 
While it can be said that Lieberman invited support from the Jewish population, many believe it would not have made a difference if a Gentile was selected as Gore's running mate, as Jews historically have favored the Democrats. 
Gore's personality: Much attention was paid to Gore's audible sighing while Bush was answering questions in the first of the Bush/Gore debates.
CNN instant polls immediately following this debate found that viewers felt Gore had won by a narrow margin.
Twenty-two voters were interviewed by CNN, and none of them volunteered comments on Gore's behavior ('CNN', October 3 2000).
When asked by conservative Frank Luntz of the MSNBC channel, an equal number of viewers were troubled by Gore's sighs and Bush's repeated invocations of "fuzzy math" (see George W. Bush).
Some liberals conclude that the observation of Gore's alleged personality flaws seems to have originated with (and been propagated by) conservative news organizations. 
Regardless of voters' original reactions, however, subsequent press coverage concentrated heavily on Gore's sighs and other perceived flaws, with some conservatives coining the moniker, "Al Bore". 
Gore's behavior during the first debate was even the basis for a sketch on NBC's 'Saturday Night Live' television program, which according to some sources, members of Gore's campaign asked him to watch before the next debate.
Whether or not he watched the sketch, his behavior was noticeably subdued in the second debate.
On Election Day, Gore himself would appear on a 'Saturday Night Live' prime time special to make a few jokes about this behavior.
Perceived artificiality and lack of candor: In 1997, after it came to light that Gore had improperly used White House telephones to raise money for the campaign in 1996, Gore defended himself awkwardly during a press conference in which his denial featured repetition of the phrase "no controlling legal authority"; likewise, when a scandal broke concerning Gore's appearance at Hsi Lai Temple at an event where unlawful campaign donations were laundered through Buddhist nuns, Gore said he thought the event was "community outreach".
The "no controlling legal authority" example illustrates the Vice-President's manner of speaking generally, which was easy to caricature as stilted, pompous, and condescending, unlike the folksy but intelligent intimacy that was the hallmark of President Clinton's style.
Populist rhetoric: Gore ran on a somewhat more populist platform than his predecessor Clinton.
Although Gore supported trade liberalization and many other Clinton-like reforms , he also used rhetoric that drew attention to growing gaps between rich and poor in American society. 
Some found this language divisive; however, the notion that this position hurt his popularity is challenged by the fact that his poll numbers went up substantially shortly after his strongly populist speech on August 16, 2000 at the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles. 
After the loss, Lieberman even criticized Gore for adopting a populist theme during their campaign, and stated he had objected to Gore's "people vs. the powerful" message, believing it was not the best strategy for Democrats to use to win the election.
The Republicans' "Solid South": Gore, a Southerner himself, had won every election he had ever run in the South before the 2000 election.
However, between the time that Clinton and Gore were first elected in 1992, many Democrats changed parties, due to the growing conservative base in the region.
Although Gore would have won the election if he had won virtually any other state in the union, many attribute his loss to his failure to win any Southern state, including his native Tennessee. 
Ralph Nader: A common water cooler theory about Gore's loss centers around Ralph Nader's surprisingly high standing in the final polls of the election.
A number of Gore supporters accused Nader of running as a spoiler candidate, allegedly drawing far-liberal voters from Gore, whether intentionally or not. 
Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000
Some Gore supporters contend that a plurality of Florida voters did vote for Gore, and George W. Bush won by successfully preventing the votes from being counted; however, the evidence regarding the final vote tally is inconclusive. 
Since the election, recounts have been conducted by dozens of news organizations from around the world with results that are confusing at best. 
Some have claimed that Bush would have actually increased his lead if state wide recounts had taken place, others claim that Gore would have won the recounts. 
Alabama (band)
'Alabama' is a Grammy Award-winning country music band that originated in Fort Payne, Alabama, United States.
They were the most commercially successful country act in the 1980s and remain one of the bestselling American musical acts of all time.
The band is often credited with bringing country music groups (as opposed to solo vocalists) into the mainstream, paving the way for the success of today's top country groups. 
Almah
Some scholars contend that debates over the precise meaning of 'bethulah' and 'almah' are misguided because no Hebrew word encapsulates the idea of certain virginity. 
Martin Luther also argued that the debate was irrelevant, not because the words do not clearly mean virgin, but because 'almah' and 'bethulah' were functional synonyms.
Amadou Diallo
Diallo had come to New York City to study computer science, but had not enrolled in school.
He reportedly sold videotapes, gloves and socks from the sidewalk along 14th Street during the day and studied in the evenings. 
Ancient Egyptian technology
The Egyptians developed a variety of furniture. 
There in the lands of ancient Egypt is the first evidence for stools, beds, and tables (such as from the tombs similar to Tutenkhamen's.
Recovered Ancient Egyptian furniture includes a third millennium B.C. bed discovered in the Tarkhan Tomb, a c.2550 B.C. gilded set from the tomb of Queen Hetepheres, and a c. 1550 B.C. stool from Thebes.
Anglo-Celtic
'Anglo-Celtic' is a macro-cultural term used to collectively describe the cultures native to the Britain and Ireland, and the significant diasporas located in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States.
It is used in 'Anglo-Celtic Isles', an alternative term (in limited use) for the geographic region comprising the islands of Great Britain, Ireland and smaller adjacent islands, more commonly referred to as the 'British Isles' — the former geographic term being preferred by some due to it being free of any perceived political implication and the latter term by others. 
The derivative term 'Anglo-Celtic Islands' is also used.
It is additionally used in the context of 'Anglo-Celtic Warfare' to describe the period of warfare in Britain between 410 and 1066 CE.
It is also used as a notional racial category.
Anthony Eden
Health Speculation in later years
A medical mishap would change the course of Eden’s life forever.
During an operation in 1953 to remove Eden’s gallstones, the surgeon damaged his bile duct.
This blunder made Eden vulnerable to recurrent infections and attacks of violent pain and fevers.
To overcome this weakness Eden was prescribed the wonder drug of the 1950s - Benzedrine.
Regarded by doctors in the 1950s as a harmless stimulant, it belongs to the family of drugs called amphetamines – the illegal drug we now call speed.
During this time amphetamines were prescribed and used in a very casual way.
It has been widely suggested that Eden's medication affected his mood and decision-making in both the build-up to and during the Suez Crisis. 
Antisocial personality disorder
In penitentiaries, the percentage is estimated to be as high as 75 percent.
Prevalence estimates within clinical settings have varied from three to 30 percent, depending on the predominant characteristics of the populations being sampled. 
{Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders}
Perhaps not surprisingly, the prevalence of the disorder is even higher in selected populations, such as people in prisons (who include many violent offenders) (Hare 1983).
Similarly, the prevalence of ASPD is higher among patients in alcohol or other drug (AOD) abuse treatment programs than in the general population (Hare 1983), suggesting a link between ASPD and AOD abuse and dependence.
Archibald Herman Muller
Muller went to Bombay (now Mumbai) in 1911, then considered the haven of Art in India. 
He won the Gold Medal from the Bombay Art Society in the same year.
He travelled a lot through Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Gujarat and in the Himalayas, enjoying the patronage of various royal families of the time.
His paintings included landscapes, portraits and scenes from the life of the Maharajas (Kings), historical subjects and incidents from the Indian Hindu epics - the Ramayana and the Mahabharata.
His paintings have been acquired by the Buckingham Palace, London, the South Kensington Museum (now known as the Victoria and Albert Museum).
Few also exist in the collections of the Museums at Sangli, Maharashtra Bikaner, Rajasthan, the Jodhpur Fort and the Royal Palace at Jaipur.
His paintings are much sought after and have surfaced in various auctions in recent years.
Arcology
Many cities in the world have had proposed or desired arcologies that never went far. 
Tokyo has had many including the 4,000 m X-Seed 4000, which are listed [here].
Area (band)
'Area - International POPular Group', most commonly known as 'AreA', was an Italian jazz fusion and progressive rock group formed in 1972. 
They were known for their left-wing Socialist and Communist lyrics.
Their singer was the reek born Demetrio Stratos.
Armenia
Armenian hospitality is legendary and stems from ancient tradition. 
Social gatherings focused around sumptuous presentations of course after course of elaborately prepared and well-seasoned food.
The hosts will often put morsels on a guest's plate whenever it is empty or fill his or her glass when it gets low.
After a helping or two it is acceptable to refuse politely or, more simply, just leave a little uneaten food.
Alcohol such as cognac, vodka, and red wine are usually served during meals and gatherings.
It is considered rare and unusual for one to go inside an Armenian household and not be offered coffee, pastry, food, or even water. 
Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Many teachers and professional musicians are critical of the Graded Examination System. 
Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music
Examinations are available in over 90 countries; some argue that they should therefore reflect an international approach to music-making, rather than promote a purely British musical style. 
Australian Swamp Rat
The 'Australian Swamp Rat' ('Rattus lutreolus') is a species of rat native to the area around Melbourne. they currently live primarily in the outer urban areas East of Melbourne.
They are unrelated to Black or Brown rats and are not problematic. 
The Swamp Rat can be seen at places like the Healesville Sanctuary, where they live in the grounds.
The rangers at Healesville tolerate them, since they (the rats) are native to the area and carry no dangerous diseases. 
Autism rights movement
The puzzle piece ribbon is used by some autism societies. 
Some autistic adults find this ribbon offensive and insulting. 
Some people have the goal of eliminating autism completely; since those in the autism rights movement see autism as a natural human variation and not a disorder, they are opposed to attempts to eliminate autism. 
Automatic writing
Skeptics such as James Randi note that there is little evidence distinguishing automatic writing claimed to be of supernatural origins from a parlor game that is little more than sparks of creativity in the minds of the participants. 
They assert that there is no evidence that there is anything more than the subconscious of those performing the writing influencing their actions and that there is no solid evidence that any messages are coming from anywhere other than the minds of the person holding the pencil. 
This is referred to as the ideomotor effect.
Ban Ki-moon
Some U.N. employees and delegates are expressing their resentment at Ban's favoritism in the appointment of his fellow South Korean nationals in key posts.
Previous U.N. chiefs such as Kurt Waldheim (Austria), Javier Perez de Cuellar (Peru) and Boutros Boutros-Ghali (Egypt) brought small teams of trusted aides or clerical workers from their country's Foreign Ministry.
According to some officials , Ban has gone further, boosting South Korea's presence in U.N. ranks by more than 20 percent in the past year. 
In response, Ban and his aides claimed that allegations of favoritism are wrong, and that some of the harshest criticisms against him have undercurrents of racism.
He said that the South Korean nationals he had appointed -- including Choi Young-jin, who has served as a high-ranking official in the United Nation's peacekeeping department -- are highly qualified for their positions.
Bank of Scotland
The Bank of Scotland, like the other Scottish banks, historically saw itself as an institution of lowland Scottish establishment.
Although it had a presence in every major Scottish Gaelic community, it was still operating exclusively in English in the early 1970s.
In 1972, Gaelic activist Iain Noble persuaded the bank to issue him with its first Gaelic (actually bilingual) cheque-book.
These have since become popular, and the Royal Bank soon followed suit.
Today the bank advertises itself in the Highlands and Hebrides under the Gaelic title 'Banca na h-Alba', although the forthcoming new issue of notes fails to include any Gaelic which is regarded as disappointing by many Gaelic supporters given the rising status of the language in Scotland. 
Barfly (film)
There is a scene where the camera pans upward over Faye Dunaway's legs.
This glamour shot was done at her insistence and some fans consider this scene, and her character in general, to be in stark contrast to the theme of the movie. 
The film inspired an album, also titled 'Barfly', by the ska punk band, Buck-O-Nine.
Charles Bukowski later dramatized his experiences surrounding the film in the book Hollywood.
The punk rock group NOFX wrote a song on Bukowski titled "Green Corn" in reference to the movie.
An episode of Mission Hill, Andy French mentions the movie, expecting it to have a great "barf scene" since he pronounced it "Barf-ly."
Now out of print, though a petition has started to get the DVD re-released.
Battle of Austerlitz
General panic now seized the Allied army and it abandoned the field in any and all possible directions.
A famous yet frightful episode transpired during this retreat: Russian forces that had been defeated by the French right withdrew south towards Vienna via the Satschan frozen ponds.
French artillery pounded towards the men, but Napoleon redirected his gunners to fire at the ice.
The men drowned in the viciously cold ponds, dozens of artillery pieces going down along with them.
Estimates on how many guns were captured differ; there may have been as low as 38 and as high as over 100.
Sources also differ on casualties, with figures ranging from as low as 200 to as high as 2,000 dead.
Because Napoleon exaggerated this incident in his report of the battle, the low numbers may be more accurate, although doubt remains as to whether they are fully correct.
Many regard this incident as one of Napoleon's cruelest acts in war. 
Battlefield: Bad Company
'Battlefield: Bad Company' (abbreviated 'BFBC') is a first-person shooter under development by Digital Illusions CE.
Currently planned for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Bad Company will be the first Battlefield game to be developed specifically for History of next-gen consoles.
It is expected to be released in early 2008. 
A teaser trailer was released on February 28, 2007 displaying destructible environments and gameplay visuals.
A second trailer was released on September 6, 2007 showing First Person gameplay and the first glimpse of the storyline.
Bellingham, Washington
Bellingham is home to the longest-running Peace vigil in the US. 
Started by Howard Harris more than 46 years ago, it has seen more than 4 generations.
On the corner of Magnolia Street and Cornwall, in front of the Federal Building, every Friday starting at 4pm and lasting until usually about 6pm.
Better World Books
'Better World Books' is a controversial American for-profit social enterprise that collects used books and sells them to raise funding for over 80 non-profit literacy programs. 
Bhaskara II
Some scholars have suggested that Bhaskara's work influenced later developments in the Middle East and Europe. 
His work was perhaps known to Islamic mathematicians as soon as it was written, and influenced their subsequent writings. 
The results thus became indirectly known in Europe by the end of the 12th century, but the text itself was not introduced until much later.
The Mughal emperor Akbar commissioned a famous Persian translation of the 'Lilvati' in 1587.
Bilderberg Group
One critic of the Bilderberg meetings, American conspiracy theorist radio host Alex Jones, claims that the group intends to dissolve the sovereignty of the United States and other countries into a supra-national structure similar to the European Union or a possible North American Union structured around the NAFTA trade agreements.'
Endgame.
An alleged unofficial copy of the account of the 1999 Bilderberg meeting does not support these claims. 
Bill Parcells
'Duane Charles "Bill" Parcells' (born August 22, 1941 in Englewood, New Jersey), is a retired American football head coach, last coaching the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.
He is known by the nickname "'The Big Tuna'", a nickname he explained that was based on a team joke from when he was coaching the Patriots
Although some would dispute the fact, the joke related to a peculiar smell that follows his person. 
Parcells won two Super Bowl rings with the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXI and Super Bowl XXV.
He announced his third retirement from football on January 22, 2007.
Body cleansing
Body cleansing proponents claim numerous health benefits, including the benefit to various common ailments such as acne, allergies, colitis and Crohn's disease, among other conditions.
While not necessarily a "cure" for these conditions, it is believed that body cleansing benefits various ailments through allowing the body to perform optimally and to utilize its innate ability to regain balance. 
Bombing of Dresden in World War II
The nature of the bombing of Dresden has made it a unique point of contention and debate.
Arguments for and against the bombing being a war crime come from all across the political spectrum and are supported in a variety of ways. 
Border Security Force
Despite the BSF's success in a counter-terrorism role, many in the administration felt that this additional burden was leading to a dilution of the BSF's mandate and degrading the force's ability to perform its primary role of guarding the country's borders. 
The Indian government has now decided to implement recommendations to restrict each security agency to its mandate.
Thus BSF battalions in Jammu and Kashmir are gradually being withdrawn from counter-insurgency duties and sent back to guard the borders.
They are being replaced by fresh units from the Central Reserve Police Force(CRPF) that have undergone specialized training in counter-terrorism.
Brescia
'Piazza della Loggia', a noteworthy example of Renaissance 'piazza', with the eponymous loggia (the current Town Hall) built in 1492 by the architect Filippino de' Grassi. 
On May 28 1974 the square was the location of a terrorist bombing.
'Duomo Vecchio' ("Old Cathedral"), also known as 'La Rotonda'.
It is an exteriorly rusticated Romanesque church, striking for its circular shape.
The main structure was built in the 11th century on the ruins of an earlier basilica.
Near the entrance is the pink Veronese marble sarcophagus of Berardo Maggi, while in the presbitery is the entrance to the crypt of San Filastrio.
The structure houses paintings of the 'Assumption', the 'Evangelists Luke and Mark', and 'Feast of the Paschal Lamb' , and 'Eli and the Angel' by Alessandro Bonvicino (known as 'il Moretto'); two canvasses by Girolamo Romanino, and other paintings by Palma il Giovane, Francesco Maffei, Bonvicino, and others [Duomo Vecchio].
'Duomo Nuovo' ("New Cathedral"): Construction on the new cathedral began in 1604 and continued till 1825.
While initially a contract was awarded to Palladio, economic shortfalls awarded the project, still completed in a Palladian style, to the young Brescian architect Giovanni Battista Lantana, with decorative projects were directed mainly by Pietro Maria Bagnadore.
The facade is mainly owed to the designs Giovanni Battista and Antonio Marchetti, while the cupola was designed by Luigi Cagnola.
Interior frescoes including the 'Marriage, Visitation, and Birth of the Virgin', as well as the 'Sacrifice of Isaac', were frescoed by Bonvicino.
The main attractions is the 'Arch of Sts. Apollonius and Filastrius' (1510).
'Casa di ricchioni', a tourist-friendly house in the western part of the province, known for it's window displays of outlandish homosexual behaviour.
It is thought that the gay sexual trick known as the 'Cincinnati Bow Tie' was invented within the house. 
Onlookers are invited to participate in what locals refer to as 'all night anal anarchy'.
The 'Broletto', formerly the Town Hall.
It is a massive building of the 12th and 13th centuries with a lofty tower.
In Piazza del Foro is the most important array of Roman remains in Lombardy. 
These include the Capitoline Temple, built by Vespasianus in 73 AD.
The 'monastery of San Salvatore' (os 'Santa Giulia'), dating from the Lombard age but later renovated several times.
It is one of the best example of High Middle Ages architecture in northern Italy. 
'Santa Maria dei Miracoli' (1488-1523), with a fine façade by Giovanni Antonio Amadeo, decorated with bas-reliefs and a Renaissance 'peristilium'.
Brine shrimp
'Artemia' were first discovered in Lymington, England, in 1755.
The name 'Artemia salina' should not be used anymore. 
Instead Artemia species should be used species "Compound eye" 
Bryan Ansell
Along with Rick Priestley, Alan and Michael Perry, and others including Richard Halliwell, John Blanche, Jervis Johnson, Alan Merrett, Ansell was responsible for the massive Warhammer (later Warhammer Fantasy Battle) boom of the mid to late 1980s, which many long term wargamers now refer to as 'the Golden Era'. 
In many ways it was the Warhammer game developed by Ansell (and Priestley) that made Games Workshop so successful and which has enabled the continued growth of the company since. 
Buffalo wings
A plate of home-made buffalo wings
'Buffalo wings', 'chicken wings', 'hot wings' (in the Southern United States), or simply 'wings' are chicken wing sections (called flats and drum sticks) that are deep fried and coated in sauce.
Standard Buffalo sauce is composed of only two ingredients: two ingredients: a vinegar-based cayenne pepper hot sauce and butter.
Buffalo wings are traditionally served with cut celery and blue cheese dressing.
Buffalo wings are named after the city of Buffalo, New York, where they originated.
In Buffalo, locals do not call them "Buffalo wings", but rather just "wings" or sometimes "chicken wings".
The appellation "Buffalo" is now commonly applied to foodstuffs other than wings that are seasoned with the sauce or variations on it. 
CIA activities in Asia and the Pacific
CIA begins to sponsor and train the Civilian Irregular Defense Group in the South Central Highlands.
It is alleged that CIA smuggled opium from Western Vietnam to the U.S. 
A Special National Intelligence Estimate (SNIE) issued in May postulated that a short but intense air and naval campaign against the DRV would deter an invasion of the South, although not stop activities there.
It also estimated that this would be a strong morale boost to the RVN.
The campaign described, however, was different than the actual gradual attacks that resulted from the Gulf of Tonkin incident in August.
Canonization
Some Lutherans have a calendar of saints, but most Protestant theologians and denominations , in an attempt to avoid veneration of certain believers above others, reject the notion of an official or recognized list of "saints". 
Protestants often appeal to the Bible's apparent recognition of all Christian believers as saints, in Acts and in Paul's letters.
Also, since most Protestants reject prayer requests of the dead as impossible, much of other churches' motivation for canonization is removed in Protestant practice. 
Card Sharks
CBS and Mark Goodson Productions brought back this show with Bob Eubanks, of 'The Newlywed Game' fame, as its new host ( one story had it that Goodson wanted Jim Perry, but Mr. Perry was already committed as host on NBC's 'Sale of the Century') on January 6, 1986 at 10:30 AM. 
This version ran until March 31, 1989 (845 episodes).
An accompanying weeknight television syndicated version began on September 8, 1986, was hosted by Bill Rafferty, and lasted one season.
Another syndicated revival, with different rules than the previous versions, was hosted by Pat Bullard and premiered on September 17, 2001, but was cancelled by year's end after 13 weeks of episodes.
Casual relationship
The television sitcom 'Sex and the City' focused further on casual sexual relationships.
The intent of a casual relationship can vary: sometimes to relieve sexual frustrations and other times simply as a friendship or part-time relationship, which includes sexual activity when wished.
Some people prefer the term "lovers without commitment". 
Usually a casual relationship is not intended as a monogamous relationship.
It is also not always synonymous with casual sex, since it might even not include sex.
Cat intelligence
One question that pet owners argue about is if cats are smarter than dogs.
Many people believe that dogs are smarter,but this may not be true. 
Most people think that dogs are smarter because they are loyal and make humans feel like the center of the universe. 
But many scientists say that loyalty and the ability to do tricks does not contribute to intelligence. 
However, it is almost impossible to say a cat is smarter than a dog or a dog is smarter than a cat because it is very hard to create an intelligence test for two different species, let alone one. 
Cedega
Among some open source user exists the feeling that Transgaming has been "Free riding" on the free software movement with Cedega. 
Cedega
Many in the community object to Transgaming's business practices by "making a quick buck" off the back of the Wine project, without contributing anything back. 
Transgaming obtained the source to the original Wine project when it was under the MIT License (non copyleft) and this license placed no requirements on how Transgaming published their software.
Transgaming does release portions of the source code via CVS; however, it attaches legal restrictions which mean that it is not free software.
Cedega includes licensed support for several types of CD-based copy protection (notably SecuROM and SafeDisc), the code for which TransGaming say they are under contract not to disclose.
Cedega
Among some open source user groups exists the feeling that Transgaming has been "Free riding" on the free software movement with Cedega. 
Central Intelligence Agency
The CIA had been aware of the location of some high-profile Nazi war criminals, including the whereabouts of Adolf Eichmann two years before he was captured by Israeli agents, but the agency did not publicize this information, as it did not have a policy of pursuing Nazi war criminals at the time.
Several former Nazi operational agents were recruited as U.S. secret agents, yet formed just a minor portion of the agents at that time; they were induced financially and promised exemption from criminal prosecution and trial for war crimes committed during World War II.
Some claim that these agents had a long-term corrosive effect on American intelligence agencies. 
Central Intelligence Agency
Prime Minister Gough Whitlam is deposed in favor of Malcolm Fraser on 11 November 1975.
This is rumored to be the result of a joint CIA-British Government operation. 
Central Intelligence Agency
According to these claims , the ultimate objective of OP as outlined in the memo is to seize a territorial or institutional base with the "massive support" of the defeated electoral minority within three or four days, presumably after the elections, backed by an uprising by oppositionist military officers principally in the National Guard. 
The Embassy operative concede that the military plotters have run into serous problems as key intelligence operatives were detected, stores of arms were decommissioned and several plotters are under tight surveillance.
Apart from the deep involvement of the US, the primary organization of the Venezuelan business elite (FEDECAMARAS), as well as all the major private television, radio and newspaper outlets have been engaged in a campaign of fear and intimidation campaign against the referendum and any results thereof.
Central Intelligence Agency
The administrations of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush authorized the sale to Iraq of numerous items that had both military and civilian applications, including dual-use chemicals (e.g., thiodigycol) and bacterial cultures, such as 'Bacillus anthracis'(anthrax) and 'Yersinia pestis'(plague).
Opinions differ among Middle East experts and former government officials about the pre-Iraqi tilt, and whether Washington could have done more to stop the flow to Baghdad of technology for building weapons of mass destruction. 
"Fundamentally, the policy was justified," argues David Newton, a former U.S. ambassador to Baghdad, who runs an anti-Hussein radio station in Prague.
"We were concerned that Iraq should not lose the war with Iran, because that would have threatened Saudi Arabia and the Gulf.
Our long-term hope was that Hussein's government would become less repressive and more responsible."
Central Intelligence Agency
According to the "Progressive South Asia Exchange Net", claiming to cite an article in , U.S. policy, unbeknownst even to the Mujahideen, was part of a larger strategy "to induce a Soviet military intervention." 
National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski stated:"According to the official version of history, CIA aid to the Mujahadeen began during 1980, that is to say, after the Soviet army invaded Afghanistan, 24 Dec 1979.
But the reality, secretly guarded until now, is completely otherwise."
"That secret operation was an excellent idea.
It had the effect of drawing the Soviets into the Afghan trap....
The day that the Soviets officially crossed the border, I wrote to President Carter.
'We now have the opportunity of giving to the Soviet Union its Vietnam War.'"
"There are at least two editions of this magazine; with the perhaps sole exception of the Library of Congress, the version sent to the United States is shorter than the French version, and the Brzezinski interview was not included in the shorter version.
The above has been translated from the French by Bill Blum author of the indispensible, "Killing Hope: US Military and CIA Interventions Since World War II" and "Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower"
Portions of the books can be read at: "
Central Intelligence Agency
The CIA has been accused of having played a key role of engineering the regime change against Ali Bhutto by former Attorney General Ramsey Clark.
The CIA is suspected to have installed General Zia ul Haq as President. 
Zia ul Haq promoted an Islamization of Pakistan which the CIA saw as essential to suppressing Pakistani Communists.
Zia ul Haq allowed the CIA to use bases in Pakistan to send CIA paramilitary agents into Afghanistan to aid the Mujuahadeen.
Pakistan was the major conduit of arms and supplies from the CIA to the Mujahadeen.
Central Intelligence Agency
The operation was described as a two-pronged strategy of impeding the upcoming national referendum of December 2, 2007 on important changes to the Venezuelan constitution urged by the government of President Hugo Chavez, rejecting the outcome, and at the same time calling for a 'no' vote.
In the run up to the referendum, OP includes running phony polls, attacking electoral officials and running propaganda through the private media accusing the government of fraud and calling for a 'no' vote.
Contradictions, the report emphasizes, are of no matter.
According to the alleged memo, the operation goal is to seize a territorial or institutional base with the "massive support" of the defeated electoral minority within three or four days, presumably after the elections, backed by an uprising by oppositionist military officers principally in the National Guard. 
Central Intelligence Agency
President Assad of Syria signed a peace and friendship treaty with the Soviet Union and some have suggested that the co-incidental uprising by the Muslim brotherhood in Syria was a CIA operation to overthrow Assad for his pro-Soviet policies. 
Chalcedon
It was a Megarian colony founded on a site so obviously inferior to that which was within view on the opposite shore, that it received from the oracle the name of "the City of the Blind." 
Chantal Claret
At her live shows she is known to bring people up on stage and have them strip for a song called Take Off Your Clothes as well as have the whole audience do aerobics for Nth Degree. 
Also known to wear a gun holster as a microphone holder. 
Chris Huhne
In the final vote, Huhne finished runner-up, trailing by 21,628 votes to Sir Menzies Campbell's 29,697.
Some argue that the brevity of the campaign was never helpful to an outsider in an all-member ballot, and Huhne was still gathering momentum when the leadership race ended. 
Campbell appointed him as Liberal Democrat environment spokesman in the subsequent frontbench reshuffle, in order for Huhne to develop a viable programme to expand on his green campaign themes.
Chris Huhne
Huhne has spoken of the need to "roll back [Labour's] security-obsessed surveillance state".
Some have therefore criticised him for holding shares (listed on the Register of Members' Interests) in a UK company called IRISYS, which specialises in producing thermal imagers "for process, people and queue monitoring". 
Christafari
Many Rastafarians are offended because Christafari takes (or steal, according to some ) the symbols of the Rastafarian culture in order to attack the divinity of their God, Selassie I, and instead use that culture to promote in a missionary way what many Rastas see as the "white" Jesus that Rastafarians were rejecting in the first place. 
With his dreadlocks Mohr and other "Christafarians" have been called "wolves in sheep's clothing". 
Christafari's claim to be counter cult implies that Rastafari is a cult, their call to a wayward generation implies that the Rastas are wayward or a lost generation while their claim to evangelize the word of God to Rastas implies that Rastas don't have the word of God.
They dislike the accusations that by using cannabis Rastas indulge in occult practice.
Mohr's claim to have been a Rastafarian while smoking cocaine is considered not true as rastafarian culture strongly rejects cocaine use.
Christmas controversy
'Christmas controversy' refers to publicized controversy surrounding public acknowledgment or celebration of the Christmas Christmas/winter holiday in media, advertising, government, and various secular environments.
Modern-day controversy usually occurs due to the holiday's large annual role in Western economy in conjunction with its applied connotations with a specific religion, Christianity. 
The term "'War on Christmas'" is often used to address recent controversy. 
Christmas controversy
A heated controversy regarding this issue arose in 2002, when the New York City public school system banned the display of nativity scenes, but allowed religious symbols of Hanukkah and Ramadan to be displayed.
Defenders of the policy justified it in claiming that the symbols in question, the Hanukkah menorah and Muslim Star and crescent, were cultural, but that the nativity scene was religious, thus not allowed. 
Such a policy angered many, including commentator Bill O'Reilly, who in 2006 said such a policy was "anti-Christian".
Christmas controversy
Another 2005 controversial instance was with American hardware giant Lowe's, and their signs that said "holiday trees" in English, but read 'árboles de Navidad' (Christmas trees) in Spanish rather than 'árboles de feriados'.
Some claim that this proves that political correctness is solely a phenomenon of the English language. 
In 2007, Lowe's started using the term "family tree", sparking protest from the American Family Association, but they have since claimed that this term was only a printing mistake.
Christmas controversy
In past centuries, Christmas-related controversy was mainly restricted to concerns of a public focus on secular Christmas themes such as Santa Claus and gift giving rather than what was glorified as the "reason for the season"-the birth of Jesus.
A symbolic issue from these past controversies was usage of the term "Xmas", which many allege is a conscious attempt at removing the term "Christ" from Christmas. 
The abbreviation originated from the use of the Greek letter chi, as an abbreviation of Christ.
Christmas controversy
Since 1999, various people of different backgrounds and positions have claimed that there is an active ongoing censorship campaign against the use of the term "Christmas" and on the celebration of the holiday itself in Western society, particularly in the United States. 
Contrary to popular belief , those campaigning against the "censorship" of Christmas include not only Christians, but atheists, Muslims, and Jews, as well. 
Many of these people claim that there is a concerted effort to remove any mention of Christmas in public advertising, government, public schools, as well as in general conversation with strangers at Christmastime. 
Some also claim that this perceived censorship also extends to Easter and Good Friday, where euphemisms are sometimes used to avoid mentioning these holidays by name. 
The United States Government recognizes Christmas Day as the only federal holiday held in December.
In 2001, the US Supreme Court declined to hear arguments in Ganulin v. United States, thus upholding a lower-court ruling that observing a day off on that day serves a legitimate secular interest.
Christmas controversy
Since approximately 2004, many Christian or secular non-profit organizations in the United States have petitioned for boycotts of various large secular organizations, particularly retail giants, demanding that they use the term "Christmas" rather than "holiday" in their print, TV, online, and in-store marketing. 
Although a great many retailers were criticized for adhering to such policies, there have been quite a few notable instances in which retailers were featured prominently in the mainstream media for their "no `Christmas`" policy. 
Christmas controversy
The Ontario Consultants for Religious Tolerance report that some non-Christians and secularists welcome the inclusion of their holidays within the celebrations of the season. 
However, since 96 percent of Americans celebrate Christmas and 14 percent of these are non-Christian, opponents feel that this presentation is actually a politically correct and concerted effort to cleanse any connotations with Christianity or Jesus (by avoiding the term "'Christ'mas"), while simultaneously attempting to relate to celebrants of Christmas to secure the huge monetary profit associated with Christmas gift purchasing (by showcasing secular Christmas traditions). 
Christmas controversy
Since the 1980s, there have been several instances in the U.S. and Canada where official public mention and reference to a Christmas tree was renamed to "holiday tree" for various reasons, mostly for enforcement of separation of church and state or a recognition of cultural and religious diversity.
Marshall Astor was among those who expressed outrage at these renamings, while others supported them as being inclusive. 
Christopher Rouse (composer)
Rouse is commonly referred to as a neo-romantic composer, as many of his works attempt to combine diatonicism with more contemporary musical idioms. 
He has been praised for his orchestration skills, particularly with percussion.
He often quotes works of other composers (e.g., his Symphony #1, composed in 1986, incorporates quotations from the music of Bruckner and Shostakovich).
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Lactic acid has been suggested to be a factor in CFS because for many decades it has been commonly believed to be responsible for muscle fatigue. 
However, some scientists have found that lactic acid may actually help prevent muscle fatigue rather than cause it, by keeping muscles properly responding to nerve signals. 
Chronic fatigue syndrome
A proposed similarity between psychiatric disorders, such as somatoform disorders (particularly undifferentiated somatoform disorder) is that according to some definitions , physical symptoms or their severity are unsupported by medical evidence. 
One review (2006) found a lack in literature on comparing undifferentiated somatoform disorder with CFS, however mentioned that a critical feature is implied in the definition of undifferentiated somatoform disorder that is absent from CFS: that some patients experience their symptoms as being exclusively physical and not as mental.
Hysterical diagnoses are not merely diagnoses of exclusion but require criteria to be met on the positive grounds of both primary and secondary gain.
Primary Depression can be excluded in the differential diagnosis due to the absence of anhedonia and la belle indifference, the variability (lability) of mood, and the presence of sensory phenomena and somatic signs such as ataxia, myclonus and most importantly, exercise intolerance with paresis, malaise and general deterioration.
Feeling depressed is also a commonplace reaction to the losses caused by chronic illness, which can in some cases become a comorbid situational depression.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) is claimed to be an effective, evidence-based therapy for CFS. 
The use of psychological therapies such as CBT does not imply that CFS is a psychiatric condition or that physical symptoms are not real.
Some CFS patients have comorbid depression and/or anxiety.
In addition, it is maintained CBT may teach patients various "coping strategies" to help them deal with cognitive impairments such as a deterioration of short-term memory or abbreviated attention span, although it is uncertain how changing one's schemas, as CBT theory contends, would cause improvement in these serious pathological symptoms.
Dr. David Smith, a former medical advisor to the ME Association in the UK who reports to have successfully treated many children using antidepressants and therapy, offers a possible explanation on his website.
Some patients and patient groups dispute such claims, pointing out that CBT is invariably described as an "exposure therapy" e.g. UK mental health charity MIND, that virtually all the conditions commonly listed as being suitable for CBT are behavioural and that the 2002 UK CMO's Report describes CBT as "a tool for constructively modifying attitude and behaviour."
Carruthers & van de Sande ISBN 0-9739335-0-X , note that to supportive counselling should not be mis-termed CBT to avoid patient confusion between the two treatments.
The Gibson Report states that CBT in general is helpful to many people with other illnesses; and while it is controversial in regards to CFS, it seems to be most effective in those with less severe forms but much less effective in the severely affected.
Commenting on the relevance of CBT for CFS, the report states that it has a role to play in treatment but at best is only a partial answer and more research is needed.
A systematic review on CBT finds that, while some kind of positive result is often reported, the quality of the research into the effects of CBT is usually rather low and the patient selection is not random.
The reviewers note that reasons for withdrawals typically remain unreported, and furthermore state that a degree of publication bias seems to be present.
In one study, the effect of CBT has been demonstrated up to five years after therapy.
A large evaluation study in Belgium, however, lead to the conclusion that while on average CBT may cause patients to feel somewhat better, objective measurement shows no reduction in their disability.
Another recent study found that CBT improved self-reported cognitive impairment but not actual neuropsychological test performance.
According to researchers of one study, CBT usually aims at reducing fatigue but can also reduce pain, although higher pain at baseline was associated with a negative treatment outcome.
The place of CBT for children, young people and the severely affected needs to be better established, although some open studies suggest that it is helpful, so long as it is adapted for the individual patient. 
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Several Physical medicine and rehabilitation programs have been proposed which involve supervised or self-monitored graded exercise or activity.
Such programs are designed to overcome deconditioning, increase strength and cardiovascular health.
The program should incorporate considerable education wherein the sufferer learns to start at an appropriate level of activity (based upon intensity and duration) which is incrementally increased, at a rate which does not substantially increase symptoms.
Those who fit a 2003 ME/ICD-CFS definition with post exertional malaise may wish to consider whether graded exercise is recommended in their case because it can cause serious deterioration in the exertional intolerant, and the 25% ME Grouppoint out that many severe cases were in fact mild cases before undergoing such therapy. 
More encouragingly and in addition to the positive findings of the previously mentioned updated systematic review on GET, the Gibson Report also states that GET is one of the most common treatments for CFS and found 50-70% of patients improved somewhat with GET.
However this level of efficacy was only found in several small trials and were not even compared with specialist medical care or pacing.
Similarly, like with CBT, GET seems more effective in less severely affected patients than those who are more severely affected.
Its role in helping severely disabled patients has not yet been properly established, but uncontrolled studies suggest it can help so long as it is tailored to the individual patient. 
However the Gibson Report also mentions the 25% ME Group findings that only 5% of their members found GET helpful and 95% found it unhelpful; and while the report used the word "unhelpful," the 25% ME Group insists that GET can also be dangerous/harmful.
Many other patients who submitted personal evidence to the report's inquiry had similarly negative experiences which they attributed to their participation in GET.
Due to the possible potential risks of GET for CFS patients, the report stressed concern about GET treatment guidelines for CFS that lacked cautions about these risks, and even raised suggestions of checking for heart trouble before attempting GET.
The authors also stated the observation that GET may make severe sufferers feel worse "has lent fuel to their often serious antipathy to the doctors offering it.
Some of our evidence suggests that GET carries some risk and patients should be advised of this."
Again, both the report and the review acknowledges the need for more research.
One study done with 9 to 17 year olds showed that a rehabilitation program (involving graded activities/exercise) was successful, with 43% reporting a "complete resolution" of symptoms by the CDC/Fukuda definition.
Another study found that GET may help partially by a reduction of "focusing on symptoms" rather than improving fitness.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Immunodeficiency disorders (representing an underactive immune system) have been reported.
As early as 1989, a study was published in Australia that documented a loss of immunological integrity in one hundred CFS sufferers.
The authors reported finding disordered ratios of T-cell subsets and reduced levels of immunoglobulins specifically IgG 1 and IgG 3; these findings corresponded with similar findings in the U.S. among leading researchers.
Most strikingly, using the French Multitest to measure the body's response to a variety of antigens, the Australian group found that 33% of the subjects were hypoallergic, meaning they had a reduced immune response, while an additional 55% were completely anergic, meaning they had no immune response at all.
Some theories propose that an infection with one of the below-listed disease agents somehow leads to immune dysfunction and chronic fatigue in cases of CFS. 
This is partly supported by test results indicating lowered or changed immune responses in some patients, as well as elevated levels of infectious agents in some patients' blood.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Many CFS patients will also have, or appear to have, other medical problems or related diagnoses.
Co-morbid fibromyalgia is common, although there are differences in pain complaints.
Fibromyalgia will occur in a large percentage of CFS patients between onset and the second year, and some researchers suggest that fibromyalgia and CFS are related. 
Similarly, multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) is reported by many CFS patients, and it is speculated that these similar conditions may be related by some underlying mechanism, such as elevated nitric oxide/peroxynitrite. 
As previously mentioned, many CFS sufferers also experience symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome, temporomandibular joint pain, headache including migraines, and other forms of myalgia.
Clinical depression and anxiety are also commonly co-morbid.
Compared with the non-fatigued population, male CFS patients are more likely to experience chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS), and female CFS patients are also more likely to experience chronic pelvic pain.
CFS is significantly more common in women with endometriosis compared with women in the general USA population.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Many patients find that a chronic fatigue syndrome diagnosis carries a considerable stigma, and has frequently been viewed as malingering, hypochondriac, phobic, "wanting attention" or "yuppie flu".
As there is no objective test for the condition at this time, some argue that it is easy to "invent" CFS-like symptoms for supposed financial, social or emotional benefits. 
CFS sufferers argue in turn that the perceived "benefits" are hardly as generous as some may believe, and that CFS patients would greatly prefer to be healthy and independent.
Furthermore, studies have found that CFS patients are not malingering and endure a heavy psychosocial burden.
Surveys by patient organizations highlight that those with the worst symptoms often receive the least support from health and social services.
A study found that CFS patients receive worse social support than disease-free cancer patients or healthy controls, which may perpetuate fatigue severity and functional impairment in CFS.
CFS has been found to be the biggest cause of long-term sickness leading to absence from school, in both staff and pupils; yet children with CFS often struggle for recognition of their needs and/or are bullied by medical and educational professionals.
The ambiguity of the status of CFS as a medical condition may cause higher perceived stigma.
A study suggests that while there are no gender differences in CFS symptoms, men and women have different perceptions of their illness and are treated differently by the medical profession. 
Patients may find themselves surrounded with misunderstanding of their condition.
Since CFS is often invisible to some -- although many sufferers present a somewhat poorly picture -- many will not understand why a newly diagnosed co-worker suddenly needs to work from home, use a better chair, or take time off.
A CFS sufferer may face disbelief and misunderstanding, and even anger, from persons previously part of the social support structure.
Many CFS patients have faced unsupportive families and dubious physicians, and have lost jobs, careers, scholarships and relationships to the syndrome.
Anxiety and depression often result from the emotional, social and financial crises caused by CFS.
While few studies have been made, it is believed that CFS patients are at a high risk of suicide. 
One of the worst side-effects of the illness is social isolation.
Many CFS sufferers are confined to their house and/or bed.
They are unable to take part in normal social activity.
They are also excluded from workplace and school socialising.
Interestingly, the growth of the internet and the improvements of online speeds have been a boon to many people with CFS, especially in the developed countries.
The internet has provided access to social contacts, to knowledge and learning, to purchasing and to services, which has improved the lives of many with CFS.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Some diseases show a considerable overlap with CFS, and it may be hard to distinguish between them. 
People with fibromyalgia (FM, or Fibromyalgia Syndrome, FMS) have muscle pain and sleep disturbances.
Those with multiple chemical sensitivities (MCS) are sensitive to chemicals and have sleep disturbances.
Many veterans with Gulf War syndrome (GWS) have symptoms almost identical to CFS.
Post-polio syndrome also bears a strong and remarkable resemblance to CFS.
Some researchers maintain these disorders are all expressions of a general, yet undefined, syndrome with protean symptoms. 
The suffering that can be experienced by a patient with ME/CFIDS has been likened to an AIDS patient in the last two months of life and/or a terminal cancer patient. 
Often, Multiple Sclerosis needs to also be excluded as a diagnosis.
Thyroid disorders, anemia, and diabetes can present similar symptoms, and must be ruled out.
Other disorders with known causes and treatments that may produce CFS-like symptoms are Lyme disease, temporomandibular disorder (TMD), gluten intolerance (celiac disease and related disorders), and vitamin B12 deficiency.
There may also be correlation with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Although post-Lyme syndrome and CFS share many features/symptoms, a study found that patients of the former experience more cognitive impairment and the patients of the latter experience more flu-like symptoms.
Fatigue and muscle pain occurs frequently in the initial phase of various hereditary muscle disorders and in several autoimmune, endocrine and metabolic syndromes; and are frequently labelled as CFS or fibromyalgia in the absence of obvious biochemical/metabolic abnormalities and neurological symptoms.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
The principles involve acceptance of the patient's limitations (by both the patient and any coaches), awareness of the early signals of deterioration e.g. increased cognitive difficulties, pain, clumsiness, muscle weakness, respiratory problems; and stopping exercise/activity before exceeding limitation or "crashing."
A good rule of thumb is to never exert more than 70% of capacity.
An understanding nurse, doctor or physical therapist may be of help.
A few patients believe they find health benefits and pain relief from gentle stretching, non-aerobic exercise, and gentle activity.
More able persons may find gentle yoga, walking, or t'ai chi to be beneficial.
Water-borne exercise and swimming is believed to be particularly beneficial for some CFS sufferers. 
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Behavioral interventions including cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and graded exercise therapy (GET) have been shown to be at least partially effective in some people with CFS.
The statement of principal findings regarding CBT/GET was: "A number of RCTs (randomised controlled trials) suggest that behavioural interventions, including elements of CBT, GET and rehabilitation, may reduce symptoms and improve physical functioning of people with CFS/ME."
However some uncertainty still exists over the efficacy of these treatments, especially GET for severely affected patients, as none were included in studies that passed the inclusion criteria of the review.
The review also emphasized the need for more and better conducted studies of both therapies, as well as more research into the adverse affects of treatments in general as they may be under reported or poorly quantified.
As mentioned in the review under the 'unanswered questions/further research' section, very few studies assessed the effectiveness of "interventions for children and young people and for severely affected patients."
More research is needed on severely affected patients in general; because many treatments and studies require patients to attend a clinic, and those with the worst symptoms often receive the least support from health and social services.
The authors also expressed concern about possible bias in the CFS literature, a lack of uniformity in case definitions and study inclusion/exclusion criteria (studies using any CFS criteria were included), and the basic information provided about the participants; which they state makes it difficult to assess the generalizability of the findings of many of these studies.
This review found that no intervention had been proved effective in restoring the ability to work.
An earlier systematic review published in 2002 also found this, although CBT was "lending a possible association between improvement in the ability to work and an increase in the number of patients employed".
This earlier review also found that no specific patient characteristics seemed to serve as best predictors of positive employment outcomes in CFS patients, although did find that depression of greater severity was associated with unemployment.
However, another systematic review published in 2004 concluded "Only cognitive behavior therapy, rehabilitation, and exercise therapy interventions were associated with restoring the ability to work."
The "Gibson Report" (Report of the Group on Scientific Research into Myalgic Encephalomyelitis 2006) provides information about treating CFS with CBT and/or GET.
However, the report itself has been criticised by several groups , for: being poorly conducted, misrepresentations, omissions, lack of references, factual inaccuracies or bias, and even potentially damaging implications. 
Transcript of extracts from audio of a public meeting of the Group on Scientific Research into ME (6 February 2007)
In the "25% ME Group Submission to Gibson" they state that both CBT and GET are not only just unhelpful to many severely affected CFS patients but also dangerous/harmful.
The discrepancy between trial results and patient group surveys has been noted by the P.A.C.E. trial group, who are conducting a larger more detailed study into CBT and GET which is currently underway and is due for completion in 2009.
Chronic fatigue syndrome
Results from clinical studies have suggested that Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is an effective, evidence-based therapy for CFSThe use of psychological therapies such as CBT does not imply that CFS is a psychiatric condition or that physical symptoms are not real.
Some CFS patients have comorbid depression and/or anxiety.
In addition, it is maintained CBT may teach patients various "coping strategies" to help them deal with cognitive impairments such as a deterioration of short-term memory or abbreviated attention span, although it is uncertain how changing one's schemas, as CBT theory contends, would cause improvement in these serious pathological symptoms.
Dr. David Smith, a former medical advisor to the ME Association in the UK who reports to have successfully treated many children using antidepressants and therapy, offers a possible explanation on his website.
Some patients and patient groups dispute such claims, pointing out that CBT is invariably described as an "exposure therapy" e.g. UK mental health charity MIND, that virtually all the conditions commonly listed as being suitable for CBT are behavioural and that the 2002 UK CMO's Report describes CBT as "a tool for constructively modifying attitude and behaviour." 
Carruthers and Van de Sande in their Overview of the Canadian Consensus Guidelines note that to supportive counselling should not be mis-termed CBT to avoid patient confusion between the two treatments.
The Gibson Report states that CBT in general is helpful to many people with other illnesses; and while it is controversial in regards to CFS, it seems to be most effective in those with less severe forms but much less effective in the severely affected.
Commenting on the relevance of CBT for CFS, the report states that it has a role to play in treatment but at best is only a partial answer and more research is needed.
A systematic review on CBT finds that, while some kind of positive result is often reported, the quality of the research into the effects of CBT is usually rather low and the patient selection is not random.
The reviewers note that reasons for withdrawals typically remain unreported, and furthermore state that a degree of publication bias seems to be present.
In one study, the effect of CBT has been demonstrated up to five years after therapy.
A large evaluation study in Belgium, however, lead to the conclusion that while on average CBT may cause patients to feel somewhat better, objective measurement shows no reduction in their disability.
Another recent study found that CBT improved self-reported cognitive impairment but not actual neuropsychological test performance.
According to researchers of one study, CBT usually aims at reducing fatigue but can also reduce pain, although higher pain at baseline was associated with a negative treatment outcome.
The place of CBT for children, young people and the severely affected needs to be better established, although some open studies suggest that it is helpful, so long as it is adapted for the individual patient. 
Chronic fatigue syndrome
The disorder is marked by chronic mental and physical exhaustion, often severe, and by other specific symptoms, arising in previously healthy and active persons.
Despite promising avenues of medical research, there remains no objective medical assay or pathological finding which is widely accepted to be diagnostic of CFS.
It remains largely a diagnosis of exclusion, made on the basis of patient history and symptomatic criteria, although a number of tests exist which can help aid diagnosis.
Although there is agreement on the genuine threat to health, happiness, and productivity posed by CFS, various physicians' groups, researchers, and patient activists champion very different nomenclature, diagnostic criteria, etiologic hypotheses, and favored treatments, resulting in ongoing controversy about nearly all aspects of the disorder.
The name 'chronic fatigue syndrome' is itself controversial, with some patient advocates and other authorities preferring terms such as myalgic encephalomyelitis ("ME" or "ME/CFS") and post-viral fatigue syndrome ("PVFS"), which imply specific underlying etiologies or pathologic processes. 
Chrysler Concorde
The "First Generation" Design was based on the 1987 concept Lamborghini Portofino.
The Portofino was heralded as a design triumph, setting in motion Chrysler's decision to produce a production sedan with the Portofino's revolutionary design, called "cab-forward". 
The cab-forward design was characterized by the long, low-slung windshield and relatively short overhangs.
The wheels where effectively pushed to the corners of the car, creating a much larger passenger cabin than the contemporaries of the time.
Civil war in Afghanistan
April 27, 1978 A military coup d'état was led by the unified communist parties of Khalq and Parcham, after the death of one of Parcham's prominent members.
President Mohammed Daoud Khan was executed along with most of his family after coup forces took the presidential palace. 
Claria Corporation
Even though Gator has always been installed with an uninstall routine (although only available via Add/Remove Programs in the Control Panel), many spyware removal tools can detect and remove it. 
Gator's end user license agreement attempts to disallow its manual removal by prohibiting "unauthorized means" of uninstallation.
Cline (population genetics)
Because the term race has often been used synonymously with subspecies, some people incorrectly use cline instead of "race" to describe what they see as distinct groups of humanity (Caucasoid, Mongoloid, Negroid, Australoid, Capoid, and so forth). 
This substitution of "cline" for "race" or "subspecies" is technically incorrect because the word "cline" refers only to the geographic density gradient of a single feature, while the words "race," "subspecies," etc., assume replicable clusters of features.
On the other hand, using the term "cline" in substitution for "race" may be appropriate if the speaker understands racial distinctions more in terms of groupable variations on a continuum.
In line with the example above from linguistics, human skin color may be described in terms of the following cline: "white", "cream","olive", "tan", "brown", "black", et cetera with a myriad intermediates.
Because of the controversies over the term "race", the term "cline" may be much more of an accurate description. 
See the main article Race for details on this point.
Collapse of the World Trade Center
Like all modern skyscrapers , WTC towers were designed to survive major fires, but not necessarily those that involved jet fuel. 
Though fireproofing had been incorporated in the original construction, more was added after a fire in 1975 that spread to six floors before being extinguished.
Early tests conducted on steel beams from the WTC show they generally met or were stronger than design requirements.
Columbine High School massacre in modern culture
The rock group P.O.D.'s single "Youth of the Nation" includes some lyrics that are widely believed to be based on Columbine. 
Common Desktop Environment
In 2001, Hewlett-Packard (HP-UX) and Sun (Solaris) announced that they would phase out CDE as the standard desktop on their workstations in favor of GNOME.
However, in April 2003, HP reportedly opted to return to CDE, as GNOME had not stabilised sufficiently for their preference. 
It has been suggested that GNOME's non-frozen APIs were the main complaint. 
Solaris 10, released in early 2005, includes both CDE and the GNOME-based Java Desktop System.
Future releases of Solaris will be based on the OpenSolaris open source project, which states that there is no plan to make the Solaris CDE "consolidation" (OS component) available as open source.
Communist Party of Indonesia
On October 2 the Halim base was "captured" by the army.
The 'Harian Rakyat' issue carried an article in support of the G30S coup, but speculation later arose concerning whether it actually represented the opinions of PKI. 
Otherwise the official line of PKI at the time was that the G30S was an internal affair within the armed forces.
Complementary and alternative medicine
In the UK, no medical schools offer courses that teach the clinical practice of alternative medicine.
However, some aspects of alternative medicine are taught in several schools as part of the curriculum. 
Teaching is based mostly on theory and understanding alternative medicine, with emphasis on being able to communicate with alternative medicine specialists.
The [British Medical Acupuncture Society], which offers medical acupuncture certificates, is one such example, as is the College of Naturopathic Medicine UK and Ireland.
Conseco Fieldhouse
Inside Conseco Fieldhouse during an Indiana Pacers preseason game.
Conseco Fieldhouse has received widespread acclaim as one of the finest facilities in all of the sports world. 
It is designed after Hinkle Fieldhouse at Butler University and the other great fieldhouses that covered the state of Indiana with standing room only crowds on Friday nights in the formative years of high school basketball.
The fieldhouse is a veritable museum to the rich heritige that is Indiana basketball. 
Conurbation
A 'conurbation' is an urban area comprising a number of cities, large towns and larger urban areas that, through population growth and expansion, have physically merged to form one continuous built up area. 
It is thus a polycentric form of agglomeration.
Corey Patterson
'Donald Corey Patterson' (born August 13, 1979 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American baseball player who last played as an outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles in 2007.
He is currently a free agent.
Cricket bat
These improvements are said by most to have a negligible improving effect upon a given innings, but their main purpose is to increase the comfort and confidence of the batsman and to promote the quality and range of bats from their manufacturer. 
The Australian cricketer Dennis_Lillee attempted to use an aluminium metal bat, but any improvement upon the traditional willow could not compensate for the noise it made when it impacted upon the ball.
The rules of cricket now stipulate that the blade of a bat must be made solely of wood, however more recently than Dennis Lillee, Ricky Ponting used a bat (the kookaburra kahuna icon) with a carbon composite 'meat' (the large protruding area of wood out the back face) the bat was altered by kookaburra in conjunction with the ICC's demand.
Criticism of Christianity
Abraham, whose unconditional promises were not fulfilled by Jesus according to people of the Jewish tradition. 
Criticism of Christianity
Criticisms are also sometimes raised because of contradictions arising between different English translations of the Hebrew or Greek text. 
Some Christian interpretations are criticized by non-Christians (and sometimes particularly by Jewish believers) as being based on mistranslations, or on readings found in only some manuscripts of the Bible, or in particular English translations of the Bible. 
Criticism of Christianity
Some have argued that Christianity is undermined by the inability of Christians to agree on matters of faith and church governance, and the tendency for the content of their faith to be determined by regional or political factors. 
Schopenhauer sarcastically suggests that Christian beliefs are affected by climate: :'The Catholic clergy, for example, are fully convinced of the truth of all the tenets of their Church, and so are the Protestant clergy of theirs, and both defend the principles of their creeds with like zeal. 
And yet the conviction is governed merely by the country native to each; to the South German ecclesiastic the truth of the Catholic dogma is quite obvious, to the North German, the Protestant.
If then, these convictions are based on objective reasons, the reasons must be climatic, and thrive, like plants, some only here, some only there.
The convictions of those who are thus locally convinced are taken on trust and believed by the masses everywhere.'
Criticism of the Bible
Some critics have maintained that Christianity isn't founded on an historical figure, but rather on a mythical creation. 
This view proposes that the idea of Jesus was the Jewish manifestation of a pan-hellenic cult, known as Osiris-Dionysus, which acknowledged the non-historic nature of the figure, using it instead as a teaching device.
Croatian Orthodox Church
The 'Croatian Orthodox Church' was a religious body created during World War II by the Ustasha regime in the Independent State of Croatia (NDH), as part of their attempt to suppress Serbian culture within the territory controlled by the NDH.
It existed from 1942 to 1945, and was intended as a national church to which Serbs living in Croatia would be forced to convert, thus making it possible to describe them as "Croats of Orthodox faith". 
It had little or no popular support, and was not recognized by any Orthodox Church.
Its manager was Savić Marković Štedimlija.
Croatian Orthodox Church
The leaders of the Ustasha had declared war for extermination of Serb population from the territory of NDH, as Vladimir Singer, head of the secret police "Ustaška nadzorna služba" (UNS) had said that one third of the Serbs (living in the NDH) should be expelled, another third killed, and the final third converted.
To meet the third goal, incentives were given to those who would convert to Croatdom (joining the Catholic Church and declaring themselves to be Croatian), which included giving them free land and lower taxes. 
Since this did not draw many conversions, a Croat Orthodox Church was created , to be considered one of the three faiths to which Croats could officially belong (the others being Catholicism and Islam). 
To try to get conversions to this church, similar incentives were given. 
Members of the Serbian Orthodox Church were forced to wear white armbands (similar to Jews being forced to wear yellow armbands in some countries), but this was not required of members of the Croat Orthodox Church. 
Still, converts to the Croat Orthodox Church were few.
Crysis
Recent releases of ragdoll mods have sparked much controversy. 
Crytek banned the from CryMod, InCrysis, and Crysis-Online.
Crytek made this decision because in Germany's rating system, the mod would turn Crysis into an "18+" title.
Cuba
Castro flew to Washington, DC in April 1959, but was not met by President Eisenhower, who decided to attend a golf tournament rather than meet with the Cuban leader.
Castro returned to Cuba after a series of meetings with African-American leaders in New York's Harlem district, and after a lecture on "Cuba and the United States" delivered at the headquarters of the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.
Summary executions of thousands of suspected Batista collaborators and members of the opposition through the "paredones" that took place after show trials, coupled with the seizure of privately-owned businesses and the rapid demise of the independent press, nominally attributed to the powerful pro-revolution printing labor unions, raised questions about the nature of the new government. 
Cuba
The United States government became increasingly hostile towards the Castro-led government of Cuba throughout 1959.
Some contend that this, in turn, may have influenced Castro's movement away from the liberal elements of his revolutionary movement and increase the power of hardline Marxist figures in the government, notably Che Guevara. 
This theory is open to debate and has been attacked in various publications which have argued that Castro undertook the Revolution with the goal of turning Cuba towards socialism. 
Cuisine of the Northeastern United States
Maryland boasts a plethora of marine fare , including blue crabs, crabcakes, crab soup, seafood lasagna, raw oysters, and rock fish. 
The state even has its own brand of potato chip, called Crab Chips.
Cydney Bernard
She has been with partner Jodie Foster for over 14 years.
They met on the set of the film 'Sommersby', in which Bernard was a production coordinator.
She has since formally adopted Foster's two sons, the paternity of both have not been made public.
Bernard's brother, Dustin, works in the film industry as an assistant director.
Cyprus dispute
The 'Cyprus dispute' is today the conflict between Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots and also Republic of Cyprus and Turkey over Cyprus and between Cypriot Turks and Greece and for that matter between Greece and Turkey but there is no dispute there really on the other hand it may just be a dispute purely between Turkish and Greek Cypriots and for the interest of brevity but you cant forget the dispute between Turkish Cypriots and Greece, an island nation in the eastern Mediterranean Sea. 
Since the arrival of the British on the island of Cyprus, the "Cyprus Dispute" was identified as the conflict between the peoples of Cyprus and Great Britain as a colonial ruler.
The core of the dispute was Cypriots demand for self determination.
Britain shifted the "Cyprus Dispute" from a colonial dispute to a dispute between Turks and Greeks although Britain had denounced the agreement between herself and Turkey over Cyprus, and declared Cyprus as a British colony.
Today, the problem has involved Turkey, Greece, the United Kingdom, the USA, the United Nations and recently the European Union.
Since 1974 the internationally recognised Republic of Cyprus has been divided.
The dividing line which cuts across the country has created a physical and social barrier between the Greek and Turkish Cypriot Communities.
The Turkish Cypriot community declared itself Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, condemned by UN Security Council Resolutions as legally invalid.
It is recognised only by Turkey.
Dairy product
Some people avoid dairy products for health reasons. 
They argue that cow’s milk is specifically designed for calves, not humans. 
Dane Rauschenberg
The effectiveness of the project as a fundraising vehicle has been questioned. 
Rauschenberg did not collect pledges in advance that would be payable if he succeeded.
His early fundraising was hindered by the question as to whether he would complete the project, and once the project was completed, public attention quickly turned to other matters.
Some critics have also questioned whether the travel to Alaska, Cayman Island, and Canada was necessary for fundraising purposes. 
Daniel J. Shanefield
In 1969, Shanefield obtained US Patent 3,448,302 claiming the first method for reliable operation of the "phase change memory."
This was developed further by several companies , and it will probably be an important part of near-future "flash" devices. 
David Peace
`'David Peace' is a British author born in Ossett, West Yorkshire in 1967.
His works include the "Red-Riding Quartet", 'GB84' and 'The Damned Utd'.
In 2003 David Peace was named as a Best of Young British Novelists by Granta.
GB84 won the world's oldest literary prize, The James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction.
Often referred to as the British James Ellroy, he is a crime writer. 
Day-Age Creationism
'Day-Age Creationism', a type of Old Earth creationism, is an effort to reconcile the literal Genesis account of Creation with modern scientific theories on the age of the Universe, the Earth, life, and humans.
It holds that the six days referred to in the Genesis account of creation are not ordinary 24-hour days, but rather are much longer periods (of thousands or millions of years).
The Genesis account is then interpreted as an account of the process of cosmic evolution, providing a broad base on which any number of theories and interpretations are built. 
Proponents of the Day-Age Theory can be found among theistic evolutionists and progressive creationists.
Day-Age Creationism
'Day-Age Creationism' holds that the six days referred to in the Genesis account of creation are not earth-based 24-hour days, but rather are much longer periods (of thousands or millions of years).
In this context, Genesis may then be interpreted as an account of the process of cosmic evolution. 
The Day-age approach forms the broad perspective on which a wide range of creation theories and interpretations are based. 
Day-age creation viewpoints can be compared to Old Earth creationism, as a theory by which the literal Genesis account of Creation may be reconciled with modern scientific theories on the age of the Universe, the Earth, life, and humans. 
Debt-based monetary system
Critics assert that, although time is the only real remedy for monetary crises, as it allows re-inflation of the markets through the gradual injection of new debt money into the system, time is something financiers and investors are least likely to want to give up when faced with not getting their money out of the imploding investment bubble. 
In extreme cases banks could set up "independent" corporate investment vehicles to buy the assets associated with the bad debt, thereby allowing borrowers to liquidate their investments and allow time for the markets to re-inflate, however the holding costs involved in this measure would be extremely high and would not guarantee that the losses could be averted if no new gullible investors could be found to offload these distressed assets. 
More fundamentally , these short-term "parachutes" used after bubbles burst do not save ordinary borrowers from foreclosure and bankruptcy, nor do they address the pernicious long-term dysfunctional aspects of fractional reserve banking described above. 
These problems are temporarily averted, only to be dealt with yet again by the next generation of indebted governments and peoples.
Debt-based monetary system
Given that the solvency of the fractional reserve banking system requires a continual massive stream of new voluntarily (or involuntarily) indebted people to survive, some left-leaning monetary reformers also consider the waging of aggressive wars and modern imperialism in general (both British imperialism of the past and American imperialism of the present) as an 'essential' component in the survival of the pyramid scheme of fractional reserve banking in any debt-based economic system, as it periodically forces indebtedness on conquered nations and dispossessed peoples, thereby replenishing the heart of the empire with fresh funds to pay for the government debt already accumulated by the central Leviathan. 
Debt-based monetary system
Some monetary reformers predict that there will be an increased incidence of financial crises in the developed world, as economic and population growth inevitably slows and as the success of laissez-faire economic political policies result in a reduction in redistributive tax policies which, combined with the debt-legacy of the welfare state, allows an intense and unsustainable concentration of wealth and political power in the financial services sector. 
Debt-based monetary system
According to some , given that the solvency of the fractional reserve banking system requires a continual massive stream of new debtors, some left-leaning monetary reformers also consider the waging of aggressive wars and modern imperialism as an 'essential' component in the survival of any debt-based economic system. 
December to Dismember (2006)
Many fans had a negative reaction to the pay-per-view, with Canadian Online Explorer! 
Sports rating the pay-per-view 4 out of 10 stars, stating "the two matches that were promoted saved this thing from being a debacle."
Depigmentation
Depigmentation of the skin is commonly linked to people who suffer with vitiligo who then apply a topical cream containing the organic compound monobenzone to remove the remaining pigment. 
The brand drug incorporating 20% monobenzone is Benoquin, made by ICN.
Developer Express
.NET Windows Forms Components
When the Microsoft Visual Studio.NET 2002 was in early Beta stages, Developer Express had already started to research the forthcoming.NET Framework and develop components for it.
In fact, Developer Express is believed to be the first vendor to offer commercial visual components for Visual Studio.NET. 
Once again, the product prefixes were changed to distinguish between components for different platforms.
.NET framework components got the Xtra prefix.
Dick Cheney hunting incident
On February 11, 2006, U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney accidentally shot Harry Whittington, a 78-year-old Texas attorney, while participating in a quail hunt on a ranch in Kenedy County, Texas. 
Whittington was shot in the face, neck, and upper torso with birdshot pellets from a gauge Perazzi shotgun.
First public news of the incident was called in to the Corpus Christi Caller-Times on February 12, 2006, by ranch owner Katharine Armstrong.
The Bush administration disclosed the shooting incident to the public the afternoon of February 12.
Local authorities released a report on the shooting on February 16, 2006 and witness statements on February 22.
All of the witness statements conflict with the Sheriff's reports over the time of the shooting.
Dick Morris
More recently, Morris has emerged as a harsh critic of the Clintons and has written several books that criticize them, including 'Rewriting History', a rebuttal to Senator Hillary Clinton's 'Living History.'
Morris once joked he will leave the United States if Hillary Clinton were to be elected president in 2008.
He currently lives in Redding, Connecticut.
Morris attended Stuyvesant High School in New York City, where he was active on the debate team.
He managed Jerrold Nadler's campaign for class president; Nadler has since gone on to represent New York in the House of Representatives.
Morris was also involved in the first campaign of Richard Gottfried for New York State Assembly in 1970.
Morris graduated from Stuyvesant in 1964, then attended Columbia where he earned a Bachelor of Arts academic degree, graduating a year early, in 1967.
Morris first worked with Bill and Hillary Clinton during Bill Clinton's successful 1978 bid for Governor of Arkansas.
Morris is credited by many with engineering Clinton's re-election to the Arkansas governorship after a humiliating defeat at the end of Clinton's first term. 
Thus it is not surprising President Clinton turned to Morris after the mid-term elections of 1994, when Republicans seized control of the U.S. House and Senate and Clinton's own chances for a second presidential term seemed negligible. 
From the early months of 1995 until August of 1996, Morris was a principal architect of the Clinton-Gore re-election strategy.
Morris did not have a role in Clinton's successful 1992 Presidential campaign, which instead was headed by David Wilhelm, James Carville, George Stephanopoulos, and Paul Begala.
After the 1994 mid-term election where Republicans took control of both houses of the United States Congress and gained considerable power in the states, Clinton once again sought Morris' help to prepare for the U.S. presidential election, 1996 Presidential election.
It was Morris who proposed a strategy that is now referred to as "triangulation," where Bill Clinton would appeal to a diverse group of voters by distancing himself from both the Democratic and Republican parties. 
Many perceived this as a move to the center of the political spectrum, and it disappointed some who had hoped Clinton would pursue a more liberal policy. 
Divine grace
Grace has been divided by some theologians into two forms, Actual Grace and Sanctifying Grace. 
Actual Grace is a supernatural help of God for salutary acts granted in consideration of the merits of Christ.
Sanctifying grace is the divine life that infuses our soul at justification (normatively at baptism) and, through the spirit of adoption, transforms the sinner into a holy son of God.
As such we participate in the Divine Sonship of Jesus Christ.
With this divine sonship comes the indwelling of the Holy Spirit (who is the divine personification of the bond of love between God the Father and God the Son, Jesus Christ).
Sanctifying grace is a permanent part of the soul as long as one does not reject one's adopted sonship by committing a mortal sin, which severs one's bond to the Father.
(Mortal sin being a wholesale rejection of God's law and love, and is distinct from a venial sin per 1 John 5:16).
However, God is infinitely merciful, and sanctifying grace can always be restored to the penitent heart, normatively in the sacrament of reconciliation.
Divine grace
Pelagianism was repudiated by the Council of Carthage in 417, largely at Augustine's insistence.
Some still hold to Semi-Pelagianism, which holds that though grace is required for men to save themselves at the beginning, there remains a trace of moral ability within men that is unaffected by original sin. 
Divisions of Islam
Not strictly a denomination, Sufism is a mystical-ascetic form of Islam.
By focusing on the more spiritual aspects of religion, Sufis strive to obtain direct experience of God by making use of "intuitive and emotional faculties" that one must be trained to use.
Sufism is usually considered to be complementary, although Sufism has been criticized by many Muslims for being an unjustified "Biddah" or religious innovation. 
The Sufi orders, or 'Tariqas', are associated with Sunni Islam.
One starts with Islamic law, the exoteric or mundane practice of Islam and then is initiated onto the mystical path of a Tariqah.
Sufi followers consider themselves as Sunni, while there are a few who consider themselves as just 'Sufi'.
Divisions of Islam
Shi`a Islam is the second largest denomination of Islam.
Shi`a Muslims believe that similar to the appointment of prophets, Imams after Muhammad are also chosen by God.
According to Shi`as, Ali was chosen by Allah and thus appointed by Muhammad to be the direct successor and leader of the Muslim community.
They regard him as the first Shi'a Imam, which continued as a hereditary position through Fatima and Ali's descendants.
The largest group of Shi`a Muslims believe in a total of twelve Imams.
The twelfth Imam is believed to be in occultation, and will appear again just before the end times.
The Shi`a Hadiths include the sayings of the Imams.
Many Muslims criticise the Shia for certain beliefs and practices, including practices such as the Mätam. 
Dizziness
Vertigo is a specific medical term used to describe the sensation of spinning or having the room spin about you.
Most people find vertigo very disturbing and often report associated nausea and vomiting. 
Domain name system
An additional level of complexity emerges when resolvers violate the rules of the DNS protocol.
It has been suggested that a number of large ISPs have configured their DNS servers to violate rules (presumably to allow them to run on less-expensive hardware than a fully-compliant resolver), such as by disobeying TTLs, or by indicating that a domain name does not exist just because one of its name servers does not respond. 
Domestic violence
Violence against men is the term known for violence that is committed against men by the man's intimate partner.
Battered men have been mocked and condemned for centuries for being victims of spousal abuse.
After the Renaissance era in Europe, battered men were punished and deemed failures in society.
In England for example, men would be strapped to carts and driven around town, while people sat and ridiculed them.
Much like our society today, the topic of abused men is taken as a joke instead of a serious issue.
Some of the reasons why the issue has not been taken seriously is because the ratio of male versus female victims, the methods used to determine whether or not male victimization has occurred, and the nature of female violence.
The means used to measure domestic violence strongly influence the results found.
For example, studies of reported domestic violence and extrapolations of those studies show women preponderantly as victims and men to be more violent, whereas the statistical survey based Conflict Tactics Scale, tends to show men and women equally violent.
This stereotype has been embedded in social standards for decades that it is unimaginable that it would ever occur the other way around.
The nature of female violence has also been questioned. 
Studies show that women act violently against men as a means of self defense probably because of the fact that they were previously victims of abuse. 
Many women retaliate because they have been harassed by their appearance or personal lives, or have even had death threats against them. 
It has been a controversial matter on whether or not women can inflict as much injury on a man, as man can to a woman. 
Interestingly enough, studies show that women perpetrators are more likely to cause serious physical damage to their male spouse when using a knife, object, or gun. 
It is women that tend to be the first to reach for something that can cause serious fatalities to their partner.
Another reason why the issue has not been taken seriously is the belief that the study of battered women will help provide information on battered men.
It suggests that the few cases that have been reported by men, have had their social and legal needs already met. 
Many other reasons why domestic violence has gone unrecognized for years is because of several other reasons, such as: violence against men is so low that it is hard to get a correct estimate as to how many men are actually abused.
It has taken women several years to encourage each other to report domestic violence.
While no action has been taken by men to report spousal abuse.
The idea of men being abused is so absurd to people that men feel ashamed to report any domestic violence.
In most cases , the physical damage done to women is far more great than the physical damage done to men, which becomes far less apparent for others to notice any kind of physical damage in men. 
Even if a man would report domestic abuse, people would be skeptical of his claim. 
If a man has a black eye or bruise, it would be assumed that it happened from too much contact sport, getting into a brawl with another man, or even getting hurt at work. 
It is assumed that women are not capable of inflicting such harm. 
Dominic Deegan: Oracle for Hire
Though the comic began light-hearted, Dominic Deegan: Oracle for Hire is a very melodramatic comic, with at least one character crying, bleeding, or getting horribly maimed in each storyline. 
Though the scars sustained during these mishaps, rather than crippling, tend to be either character building or serve to make the character look cooler.
Another criticism could be that most of all the heroes in the comic have modern, politically correct opinions regarding race, sexual preference and ethics, and aren't afraid to talk about them. 
While most of all the villains in the comic tend to be bigots. 
Down syndrome
A 2002 literature review of elective abortion rates found that 91–93% of pregnancies with a diagnosis of Down syndrome were terminated.
This is similar to 90% results found by Physicians and ethicists are concerned about the ethical ramifications.
Conservative commentator George Will has calling it "eugenics by abortion in the abortion".
Lord Brian Rix has stated that "alas, the birth of a child with Down's syndrome is still considered by many to be an utter tragedy" and the "ghost of the biologist Sir Francis Galton, who founded the eugenics movement in 1885, still stalks the corridors of many a teaching hospital".
David Mortimer has argued in 'Ethics & Medicine' that "Down's syndrome infants have long been disparaged by some doctors and government bean counters."
Some members of the disability rights movement "believe that public support for prenatal diagnosis and abortion based on disability contravenes the movement's basic philosophy and goals." 
Dragnet (1987 film)
The movie is considered a cheesy parody of a classic TV show with campy humor but some parts were generally enhanced through the talent of Hanks and Aykroyd. 
Dvorak Simplified Keyboard
Although the Dvorak layout is the only other keyboard layout registered with ANSI and is provided with all major operating systems, attempts to convert universally to the Dvorak layout have not succeeded.
The failure of the Dvorak layout to displace the QWERTY layout has been the subject of some studies and of considerable debate.
However, in considering resistance to the adoption of the Dvorak layout, different segments of the market (non-typists, typists, corporations and manufacturers) differ in the extent, nature, and motivation of their resistance.
Furthermore, the influence of these factors on the different segments of the market has changed over time, following changes in technology and awareness of Dvorak as an alternative keyboard layout.
Factors against adoption of the Dvorak layout have included the following:
Failure to demonstrate superiority in speed, economy of effort, and accuracy--noting that the significant issue here is the demonstrability.
Few studies have been done on the relative efficiency of the two keyboard layouts, and those studies have been criticised for failing to adhere to rigorous academic standards.
Failure to achieve the general population's awareness that the Dvorak layout existed.
This improved somewhat following the 'Guinness Book of Records' 1985 publication of Barbara Blackburn’s achievement of 212 wpm using a Dvorak keyboard, and again in the mid-1990s when computer operating systems began to incorporate the Dvorak layout as an option.
Failure to overcome an investment in competence in the QWERTY layout made by a large number of typists and typist trainers prior to the general availability of the Dvorak layout.
This investment has proved the most powerful influence up until the 1990s.
Typing training in schools and secretarial colleges is almost always done on the QWERTY layout both because it conforms with the expectation of industry and because it is the layout with which most teachers or trainers are already familiar.
Many QWERTY typists have retrained themselves to use the Dvorak layout because the emphasis in touch typing is traditionally on speed and accuracy, and because Dvorak users commonly report a reduction in typing-related injuries such as carpal-tunnel syndrome.
A reduction in efficiency while learning the Dvorak layout further impedes its adoption by typists already competent with QWERTY, and the organizations that employ them---although it has been claimed that on average, typists who switch to Dvorak require just two to three weeks' use to surpass their former typing speeds. 
Failure to persuade large typewriter manufacturers to produce significant volumes of typewriters equipped with Dvorak layouts.
It would be sufficient to argue that the manufacturers were responding to the large QWERTY user base, rather than considering the plausible but unproven assertion that manufacturers had a vested interest in ensuring that typists could not type faster than the machines could respond mechanically.
Converting standard mechanical typewriters to Dvorak (or any alternative, e.g. international, layout) was often impractical, and at best expensive, so switching to Dvorak usually required a new, dedicated machine.
A notable exception was the popular IBM Selectric typewriter, which used a single spherical typing element rather than individual character hammers; it could easily be converted by replacing the QWERTY typing element with an available Dvorak equivalent.
Echo Park, Los Angeles, California
Echo Park' is a district of Los Angeles northwest of downtown.
It is east and southeast of Silver Lake, south of the Elysian Valley, north of Westlake/Mac Arthur Park, and southwest of Elysian Park.
Besides Echo Park itself, adjacent communiies such as Angelino Heights, Colton Hill, Edendale, Elysian Heights, Temple-Beaudry, Sunset Heights, and some would argue, Mayberry, are often considered part of the neighborhood. 
Edgar, Dunn & Company
In August, 2000, the firm was acquired by AppNet to achieve scale through a broader set of consulting services, and very shortly thereafter, AppNet was acquired by Commerce One.
After 14 months, the firm implemented an MBO to re-emerge as Edgar, Dunn & Company with a strong focus on financial services and payments. 
The firm acquired Co-Brand Dynamics, now PaymentDynamics, in the Fall of 2003.
PaymentDynamics gives the firm a unique insight into customer attitudes and behavior related to their payment decisions, along with a New York office. 
In December 2004, the firm’s Frankfurt office was opened to meet the needs of clients in Germany and Eastern Europe. 
Edge loops
In the future, it is believed that edge-loops will no longer be required at all. 
As computers steadily ramp up the number of polygons per object created, the evidence of edge loops declines.
Edgewood Arsenal experiments
Finally, it appears there were similar experiments conducted at the UK Ministry of Defence establishment at Porton Down, Wiltshire, into at least the 1970s. 
Edgewood Arsenal experiments
The 'Edgewood Arsenal experiments' (also known as 'Project 112') are said to be related to or part of CIA mind control programs after World War II, like MKULTRA.
Some critics have alleged employing Nazi scientist war criminals to work on the project. 
The experiments were performed at the Edgewood Arsenal, northeast of Baltimore, Maryland, and involved the use of hallucinogens such LSD, THC, and BZ, in addition to biological and chemical agents.
Experiments on human subjects utilizing such agents goes back to at least World War I.
In the mid-1970s, in the wake of many health claims made from exposure to such agents, including psychotropic and hallucinogenic drugs administered in later experiments, Congress began investigations of misuse of such experiments, and inadequate informed consent given by the soldiers and civilians involved.
Edmund de Waal
Edmund de Waal was born in Nottingham, England in 1964.
He is considered to be one of the leading British potters of his generation. 
He has worked as a curator, a professor, a linguist and a lecturer.
His studies and writings have made him an art critic and an art historian.
Openings and spaces are continually studied and reinterpreted in his work.
Edmund was raised in a clerical family, who attended church regularly.
They lived near a few gothic cathedrals, and visited them and this is where Edmund was originally attracted to small spaces within larger architecture.
When he was five, he asked for his father to take him to an evening class to learn how to make pots, and to throw.
A small white pot, which he made, was the first pot he remembers liking.
From this age Edmund was already more attracted to minimalist work, than he was to busy, highly decorated objects.
Edmund then went to secondary school at the King’s School in Canterbury.
There Geoffrey Whiting, who was one of the disciples of Bernard Leach, taught him pottery.
Whiting worked and taught very much in the Leach tradition, which brought together the East and the West by combining techniques and philosophies from Japan/China, and mediaeval English ceramics.
Geoffrey Whiting believed very much in functional ceramics, and he taught Edmund in class and as his apprentice.
By repetitively making pots, as a functional potter would, Edmund became more attuned to the slight differences in form.
Edmund stated in an interview on BBC radio “… it’s a bit like doing scales as well – you’d never be surprised by a musician spending five years doing arpeggios, and there is a sense in a ceramic apprenticeship that that’s really what you’re doing.”
After Edmund graduated from secondary school he was sure that he wanted to become a potter.
He continued as an apprentice for a couple years, and he undertook postgraduate studies in Japanese at Sheffield University.
He was awarded a Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Scholarship and worked at the Mejiro Ceramics Studio in Tokyo.
He was brought up in a family of readers and writers, and though Edmund was immersed in ceramics he never stopped reading and writing.
He then decided to attend Cambridge University, where he would study English.
Edmund is well known for his work with clay, but he is as well known for his writings.
Egg (food)
Commercial factory farming operations can involve raising the hens in battery cages. 
Electrolux Trilobite
One crucial advantage over less expensive robotic vacuums such as the early-generation Roomba models is the Trilobite's removable roller brush and replaceable air filters.
In the early-generation Roomba, fine dust particles are known to cause mechanical failure after sustained daily use. 
However, the later-generation Roomba also contains removable brushes, and a replaceable dust pan air filter.
The Trilobite, however, also contains a removable air filter for the motor.
This has the benefit of both minimizing odor and reducing long-term dust buildup in any internal machinery.
Like the later-generation Roomba, the Trilobite's removable roller brush can be cleaned of any hair or particle buildup, which prevents the possibility of snaring the roller and burning out the motor.
The later generation Roomba also has a second bristle-brush that can be time-consuming to clean.
The Trilobite's agitator brush is composed of an aluminum cylinder, with six silicone-rubber blade inserts; though the Roomba can actually clean some low-profile carpeted surfaces to slightly better standard.
Electronic Stability Control
Some people contend (backed up by the theory of risk compensation) that the perception of safety conferred by the ESC will encourage more dangerous driving or risk taking. 
The Partnership for Safe Driving is among those concerned that ESC is just the latest example of a long and ultimately unsuccessful campaign, in the U.S. and abroad, to make cars that are capable of compensating for dangerous driving behavior.
The Partnership believes that if no corresponding effort is made to deter speeding, aggressive, distracted and drowsy driving, this technology will not live up to its promise and may, in fact, encourage even more dangerous driving behavior.
The counter-argument is that most road users do not understand these systems and hence just drive as they normally would. 
Also, a flashing light on the dash (in most ESC-equipped cars) tells drivers when the ESC system is active, warning them to slow down when their vehicle is skidding.
Further, statistics from manufacturers such as ESC pioneer, Mercedes Benz, clearly show the decrease in road accidents after the introduction of the technology 
Elfen Lied
A thirteen-episode anime television series adaptation based on the manga was produced by the studio ARMS, and broadcast on TV Tokyo from July to October 2004; the anime was later licensed in North America on DVD by ADV Films.
The anime started before the manga was complete; as a result, the plot differed between the two, especially towards the ending of the story.
In 2005, a special original video animation, written to occur between the tenth and eleventh episodes of the series, was released.
The title is literally German for "Elfin Song", and takes its name from the poem 'Elfenlied' and the German 'lied', a classical-Romantic poem or musical work.
Elfen Lied
The series has received lots of praise within the anime world between its story and technical excellence in production quality, animation and color.
Due to the very bold and daring scenes of nudity and gore in the series, it has drawn criticism as being "overly blatant" or "sad and forced". 
The first seven minutes of the first episode are often said to be some of the boldest and most provocative scenes of many anime, and have deterred some viewers and caused controversy as to its release. 
Criticism has been leveled at both the Japanese and English dub for having sub-par voice acting in the first three episodes.
Another criticism is that the series ends abruptly with some loose ends to the story that could leave viewers unsatisfied.
Emperor Xiaowen of Northern Wei
As the years went by, as Emperor Xiaowen grew in age, he appeared to gradually assume more and more power. 
Sometime during the process, Grand Empress Dowager Feng apparently became apprehensive of his abilities and therefore had him detained and considered deposing him in favor of his brother Tuoba Xi, but after her attendants persuaded her otherwise, she did not carry out such actions.
While Grand Empress Dowager Feng never formally returned imperial powers to him, by about 483 he appeared to be fairly in control of the government, although Grand Empress Dowager Feng continued to retain substantial powers.
Indeed, it was by her order that that year, after Emperor Xiaowen's concubine Consort Lin bore his oldest son, Tuoba Xun, that Consort Lin was forced to commit suicide pursuant to Northern Wei customs.
She raised Tuoba Xun herself.
In 485, after Emperor Xiaowen created his younger brothers princes, Grand Empress Dowager Feng established an imperial school for these princes.
In 486, perhaps as both a sign of Sinicization and demonstration of Emperor Xiaowen's authority, he began to assume traditional Chinese imperial clothing, including a robe with dragon patterns and a tassled hat.
As Emperor Xiaowen was raised by Grand Empress Dowager Feng, he also became very close to the family of her brother Feng Xi.
For some time, he took two of his daughters as concubines, but one of them soon died of illness, and the other, Consort Feng Run, also suffered a major illness and was sent back to her father house, where she became a Buddhist nun.
Endocrine disruptor
Altering hormone signals can change how the body works and may lead to health problems. 
Some people speculate that endocrine disrupting compounds may be linked to many health concerns , such as cancer, diabetes, obesity, learning disabilities and behavioural problems. 
Solid human evidence linking EDCs with these kinds of effects is hard to determine, but their is increasing evidence from the fields of epidemiology, toxicology, environmental health, and environmental science that suggests there might be something to the claims. 
Establishment Clause of the First Amendment
Prior to the enactment of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in 1868, the Supreme Court generally held that the substantive protections of the Bill of Rights did not apply to state governments.
Subsequently, under the Incorporation doctrine the Bill of Rights have been broadly applied to limit state and local government as well.
For example, in the 'Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet' (1994), the majority of the court joined Justice David Souter's opinion, which stated that "government should not prefer one religion to another, or religion to irreligion."
Critics of this interpretation argue that it effectively changes the Constitution. 
However, this is a controversial and evolving area of jurisprudence.
Ethel Merman
Though she reprised her roles in 'Anything Goes' and 'Call Me Madam', film executives would not select her for 'Annie Get Your Gun' or 'Gypsy'.
Some critics state the reason for losing the roles was that her outsized stage persona did not fit well on the screen. 
Others have said that after her behavior on the set of Twentieth-Century Fox's 'There's No Business Like Show Business', Jack Warner refused to have her in any of his motion pictures, thereby causing her to lose the role of Rose in 'Gypsy', though some believe Rosalind Russell's husband and agent, Freddie Brisson, negotiated the rights away from Merman for his wife. 
Nonetheless, Stanley Kramer decided to cast her as the battle-axe Mrs. Marcus, mother-in-law of Milton Berle, in the madcap 'It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World'.
Ethical challenges to autism treatment
Groups such as Defeat Autism Now contend that autism is caused by heavy metal toxicity, and use chelation therapy to remove the minerals from the blood (though this also has never been proven to alleviate the symptoms of autism). 
Ethics of file sharing
'Ethics of file sharing' is a subfield of ethics specifically relating to the ethical implications of file sharing over computer networks and the Internet.
Everyday Mathematics
Criticism of EM has come from all directions. 
Many internet sites and web pages and even internet videos have been dedicated to countering the position of many school districts and education professionals that EM is an effective mathematics program. 
Many believe that EM, rather than being innovative, is a severely deficient and radical approach to math that should be abandoned. 
Exatron Stringy Floppy
The tape was wound in an endless loop, in much the same manner as 8-track tapes.
Data and programs were stored sequentially on the tape so that data requests had to scan through the tape until the desired data/application was located before being read.
As inefficient as this seems, the method was significantly better than manually rewinding the OEM cassette tape, and less expensive than a floppy drive.
Due to way the tape was fed back on the reel, Stringy Floppy tapes had a relatively short life expectancy compared to either the 8-track or floppy alternative. 
Exeter College, Oxford
As one of the smaller Oxford Colleges, Exeter has a reputation for having a close-knit student body, and Common Rooms that are noted for their friendliness and openness to new students. 
First year undergraduates are housed on-site in the College’s Turl St. site, and there is dedicated Graduate accommodation for the college on Iffley Road.
Factory farming
Views range in intensity from apathy to extreme. 
Some risk their life to help suffering animals; some defend these farms as necessary to avoid human starvation. 
However, while factory farming is necessary to produce the quantity of meat, eggs, and dairy products currently demanded by consumers it isn't necesseraly required to produce the amounts of these products required in a healthy (plant based) diet like the ones promoted by many nutrition experts. 
The broad majority of experts believe that while some form of industrial farming is necessary to feed billions of humans, the current methods must be altered for a variety of reasons. 
False allegation of child sexual abuse
Child sexual abuse occurs frequently in Western society.
Prevalence figures range between 0.15% to 62% for females and 16% for males.
Denial by others of child sexual abuse is common and its reality is not easily accepted. 
Questioning the validity of allegations made by children is the most common form of denial. 
Child sexual abuse has a difficult burden of proof in criminal courts.
The frequency of allegations found to be false by emergency room staff was 6%.
False retractions are also common. 
Other studies have shown false allegation rates to be as low as 2%. 
Children appear to rarely make up false allegations of their own accord.
The denial of offenses is strong among men that commit sexual offenses.
Many continue to deny their offenses even after conviction.
It is suggested that parents have consistently underestimated the seriousness of their child's distress when compared to accounts of their own children. 
Adults that were abused as children may be reluctant to disclose their abuse if they are attached to their offender.
In a compilation meta-study, “Studies on the truthfulness of sexual abuse reports among children and adolescents as judged by evaluators” found that out of a total 2169 children and adolescents whose reports were evaluated, the reports of "98% (generally younger children) to 93% (usually older children) were determined to be true."
False allegation of child sexual abuse
Child sexual abuse occurs frequently in Western society.
Prevalence figures range between 10% to 62% for females and 16% for males.
Denial by others of child sexual abuse is common and its reality is not easily accepted. 
Questioning the validity of allegations made by children is the most common form of denial. 
Child sexual abuse has a difficult burden of proof in criminal courts.
It is possible that false allegations may be over-represented, because many true victims of child sexual abuse never tell anyone at all about what happened. 
The frequency of false allegations was found to be six percent by emergency room staff.
False retractions are also common. 
Other studies have shown false allegation rates to be as low as two percent. 
Some studies break down the level of false allegations by the age of the child. 
In a 1989 Everson and Boat study, among pre-school children, the rate was found to be between 1.7 to 2.7 percent.
Among adolescents, the rate was found to be between 8 to 12 percent.
The overall average rate was found to be 5 to 8 percent.
Higher rates of false allegations are found in custody disputes.
Children appear to rarely make up false allegations of their own accord.
The denial of offenses is strong among men that commit sexual offenses.
Many continue to deny their offenses even after conviction.
It is suggested that parents have consistently underestimated the seriousness of their child's distress when compared to accounts of their own children. 
Adults that were abused as children may be reluctant to disclose their abuse if they are attached to their offender.
Faster Pussycat
It was reported that while performing at Rocklahoma in 2007, Taime Downe made various bad taste comments to the crowd referencing Brent Muscat's cancer. 
Including, "It's a shame cancer didn't kill Brent," , "F--- that cancer victim," , "Why couldn't that mother f---er die" and "Cancer kills a lot of people, why not him?," - Downe mentioned how the band hadn't played in a while and was rusty.
Coupled with technical difficulties and citing a lack of practice (Downe had the band re-start the song 'House of Pain' due to a bad guitar intro.)
- Steven Adler, former drummer of Guns N' Roses, tried to sit in with the band for one last song, but was denied.
The band was past their time limit and the technical crew starting removing Faster Pussycat's equipment.
After only 5 songs they had to end their set.
The drummer broke into the beginning of 'Bathroom Wall,' Taime cut him off, stating he's done and yelled "Thanks Rocklahoma, you're f---ing awesome."
Filmation
A layout artist working on a key-frame of animation for 'He-Man and the Masters of the Universe'.
This was a typical working desk for animators, layout artists, and background designers at Filmation in 1983.
As with other producers of Saturday morning cartoons, Filmation was more concerned with quantity rather than quality; however, they did make a number of attempts to rise above the standard animated fare and produce reasonably well-written cartoons. 
The best-known example of this is their animated adaptation of the 'Star Trek' series, which included scripts contributed by well-known science fiction writers and starred most of the original cast. 
Other favorably remembered Filmation series included a 16-part animated serial of 'Flash Gordon' (originally intended as a movie for theatrical release but shown in its entirety only thrice on NBC); 'Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids', an animated educational series created by and starring Bill Cosby; and 'He-Man and the Masters of the Universe', based on the popular line of Mattel toys. 
The animated adaptations of the Archie Comics characters were also noteworthy for the pop music produced for it, particularly the song, "Sugar, Sugar", which was a #1 hit single.
Fire sale (sports)
The textbook example of a "fire sale", and the incident usually meant when the term is used in a United States sport context, is when the Florida Marlins traded away most of their high-priced players after their 1997 World Series victory and finished in last place the following year.
Most of the prospects they obtained never became regular major-league players, and the Marlins did not have a winning record again until 2003. 
They also suffered a substantial drop in attendance. 
During the 2005 offseason, the Marlins held another fire sale, shipping off many of their star players (including 2003 World Series MVP Josh Beckett) for mainly minor-league pitching prospects.
Notable prospects acquired in this fire sale were Hanley Ramirez, Anibal Sanchez, Ricky Nolasco, Mike Jacobs, Gaby Hernandez, and Yusmeiro Petit who is no longer with the team.
About the same time that they had announced their plans to explore relocation.
The Montreal Expos had a fire sale following the strike shortened 1994 season, which robbed them of a possible berth in the 1994 World Series.
Among the notable players who were either traded or released were Larry Walker, John Wetteland, Delino DeShields and Marquis Grissom.
Some of the notable players the Expos received were Pedro Martinez, David Segui and Henry Rodriguez.
Following the fire sale, fan interest in the team declined dramatically and the team was sold to Major League Baseball prior to the 2002 season, with the hopes of the franchise being contracted. 
The demise of the Expos paved the way for their eventual relocation to Washington, D.C. where they became the Washington Nationals prior to the 2005 season.
The San Diego Padres had a fire sale at the end of their 1998 NL championship run.
Ken Caminiti, Steve Finley and Kevin Brown were all granted free agency status and signed with the Houston Astros, Arizona Diamondbacks and the Los Angeles Dodgers respectively (though in their defense, Brown was offered a reported 5-year, $60 million dollar deal, which was rejected in favor of a 7-year, $105 million dollar contract with the Dodgers).
Joey Hamilton was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for Woody Williams and two other players.
Greg Vaughn and Mark Sweeney were traded to the Cincinnati Reds for Reggie Sanders, Damian Jackson and a minor leaguer.
Jim Leyritz, who was considered their late-inning hero down the stretch was sent back to the New York Yankees for a minor leaguer. 
Similarly, the Washington Capitals had a fire sale during the 2003-04 NHL season because their team was in the midst of what would become their worst season in 26 years. 
They traded several of their veteran stars, obtaining many minor-league players and draft picks. 
One of the players that they traded, Robert Lang, was the NHL's scoring leader at the time; this was the first time in NHL history that an NHL player was traded during a season in which he had led the league in scoring.
The Chicago Bulls had a fire sale after winning their sixth NBA championship following the 1997-98 NBA season.
Michael Jordan retired for the second time, Scottie Pippen was traded to the Houston Rockets, and Dennis Rodman was also released.
Other players would also leave the team, and the Bulls lost 37 games in a lockout-shortened 50-game season in 1999. 
Chicago would not make the playoffs again until the 2004-05 NBA season, when they lost to the Washington Wizards in the first round of the playoffs.
At the 2004 trade deadline, the New York Rangers of the NHL traded legendary defenseman Brian Leetch for prospects and draft picks, none of which benefited the Rangers as much as Leetch did.
The Phoenix Coyotes, at the end of the 2006-07 season may have been in the midst of a fire sale of their own - as of the NHL trade deadline, they have traded away some of their top players in Ladislav Nagy, Mike Comrie, All-Star centre Yanic Perreault, former first-round pick Oleg Saprykin and enforcer Georges Laraque.
The Nashville Predators are currently also engaged in a fire sale, and the term is being used frequently in connection with the team.
It is believed that if the attendance level drops below 14,000 per night, the team's owner's (the team will probably be sold), will be able to exit the lease for a penalty. 
One of the top teams in the league in the 2006-07 season, many analysts expect the team to be one of the leagues worst in the 2007-08 season after the talent hemorrhage. 
Fire sale (sports)
The textbook example of a "fire sale", and the incident most commonly referenced meant when the term is used in a United States sport context, is when the Florida Marlins traded away most of their high-priced players after their 1997 World Series victory and finished in last place the following year. 
Most of the prospects they obtained never became regular major-league players, and the Marlins did not have a winning record again until 2003. 
They also suffered a substantial drop in attendance. 
Flip-flop
Flip-flops are the most basic of footwear — essentially a thin rubber sole with two simple straps running in a Y from the sides of the foot to the join between the big toe and next toe. 
Popular use of flip-flops as simple warm climate beach or outdoor wear has spread through much of the world , although it is most common in Australia, New Zealand, California and Florida (USA), the Pacific Islands, and Southeast Asia. 
Indeed, in the warmer climates of Australia, New Zealand, Florida, and California, flip flops (thongs) have become something of a fashion statement amongst teens and young adults, so much so that have begun to replace enclosed shoes as everyday footwear during the warmer seasons. 
Flip-flop
Flip-flops are a very basic type of footwear — essentially a thin rubber sole with two simple straps running in a Y from the sides of the foot to the join between the big toe and next toe. 
Popular use of flip-flops as simple warm climate beach or outdoor wear has spread through much of the world , although it is most common in Australia, New Zealand, California and Florida (USA), the Pacific Islands, and Southeast Asia. 
Flower war
Aztec warriors are said to have been trained to prefer capturing their enemies in battle, rather than killing. 
This behaviour has been cited as another reason for the defeat of their civilization by the Europeans.
the Aztecs' amazement, the Spanish conquistadors and their allies actually tried to kill their enemies in battle.
But this idea has largely been dismissed by Matthew Restall Restall (2003) who makes it clear that the indigenous warriors quickly adapted their strategies to this kind of warfare, and provided the Spanish forces with fierce resistance.
Flower war
The exact nature of the Flower Wars is not well determined but a number of different interpretations of the concept exist.
The widely accepted idea of the Flower Wars is that it was a special institutionalized kind of warfare where two enemy states would plan battles through mutual arrangement in order to satisfy the religious needs of both combatants for war captives to use in sacrificial rituals, but also, possibly , to train young warriors and enable social mobility which for the lower classes was primarily possible through military service. 
This view is based on a number of quotes from early chroniclers and also from the letters of Cortés.
However in recent years this interpretation has been doubted by scholars such as Nigel Davies See Davies (1968) for an advancement of this interpretation and Ross Hassig Hassig (1988)., who argues that "the mutual arrangement" of the flower war institution is dubious, and suggest that Flowery War was in fact a low-intensity, sustained conflict with the Aztec side trying to fatigue the Tlaxcalteca in order to later conquer them entirely. 
Foreign policy of the George W. Bush administration
President George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush approach Chinese President Hu Jintao and his wife in Beijing during an official state visit.
The Bush presidency has also been marked by diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and North Korea, the latter of which admitted in 2003 to having been in the process of building nuclear weapons and threatened to use them if provoked by the U.S.
The administration is concerned that Iran may also be developing nuclear weapons, although Iran has denied such accusations and maintains that it is pursuing peaceful use of nuclear energy.
Bush made his first visit to Europe in June 2001, having never traveled there prior to winning the presidency.
Bush came under criticism from European leaders for his rejection of the Kyoto Protocol, which is aimed at reducing carbon dioxide emissions that contribute to global warming. 
He has asserted , for example, that the Kyoto Protocol is "unfair and ineffective" because it would exempt 80 percent of the world and "cause serious harm to the U.S. economy". 
Foundry sand testing
'Foundry sand testing' is sand in the foundry industry which is the most commonly less understood substance. 
In a sand casting foundry sands which are used for making moulds or cores are mainly of following types.1. 
Green Sand2.
Resin Coated Sand3.
Molasses 4.
Cold Box Sand5.
Hot Box Sand6.
CO2 SandSand in terms of foundry is meant for the sand 'prepared' for making the moulds or cores.
The preparation process of the sands envolve various parameters in accordance with their types and after preparation there area various parameters of the sand which should be tested to assure defect free casting. 
In a Sand casting foundry there are only two sources of rejection i.e. Metal & Sand, with wide variety of internal variables. 
The defects arising from the sand can be 'prevented' by using sand testing equipments by monitoring various properties of the sand. 
Following are the most popular makes of the testing equipments. 
Francis Dunnery
Dunnery moved to the Los Angeles following the breakup of It Bites and released his first solo album, 'Welcome To The Wild Country' in 1991.
The record enjoyed little success, being released only in Japan. 
The follow up album 'Fearless', released on Atlantic performed considerably better with 'American Life In The Summertime', the lead single off the album receiving considerable airplay in the States. 
'One Night In Sauchiehall Street', a live set, followed in 1995 with Dunnery's third studio album 'Tall Blonde Helicopter' following later in the year, during which time he had relocated to New York City.
Primarily an acoustic album, Dunnery abandoned the predominantly pop-oriented sound of his previous album in favour of an eclectic mixture of soft ballads and acoustic rockers.
Many fans still consider this album to be his finest. 
Dunnery's next album was 1998s 'Let's Go Do What Happens' released on the little known Razor and Tie label. 
The album was poorly promoted and commercially unsuccessful yet is considered by many to be his most mature performance yet, containing rockier numbers and experimentation with more electronic sounds. 
Francis Younghusband
In 1890, Younghusband transferred to the Indian Political Service.
He served as a political officer on secondment from the British Army.
Then a Major, He served as British commissioner to Tibet from 1902-1904.
In 1903-1904, under orders from the Viceroy of India, Lord Curzon, he, jointly with John Claude White, the Political Officer for Sikkim, led a military mission to Tibet as a result of disputes over the Sikkim-Tibet border; the mission controversially became a 'de facto' invasion and British forces occupied Lhasa.
During this brutal campaign on the way to Lhasa, Younghusband slaughtered 1,300 Tibetans in Gyangze. 
The British force was supported by King Ugyen Wangchuck of Bhutan, who was knighted in return for his services.
Free trade debate
Many Canadian nationalists argue that the North American Free Trade Agreement or an extension could harm Canadian culture, due to foreign corporations (magazines, television, and satellite providers) challenging Canada's cultural content laws. 
These laws encourage Canadian content in the media.
Free trade debate
Influence of foreign firms Within developing countries, the local populace often eyes multinational corporations with suspicion.
Many feel that once allowed free reign they will use their superior resources and experience to sway the political establishment of a country in favor of excessive concessions (tax holidays, underpaying for property, etc.) and try to influence the political system in their interests, which may or may not be shared by the citizenry. 
Free trade debate
The process of free trade, especially in post industrial economies, effectively eliminates the existence of unequal resource distribution.
Japan imports much of its food source, and in return exports mainly the produce of its extensive and high-tech workforce.
Continuing the example, Japan would not likely be able to sustain the population it does today without one of three possibilities: an unbelievable increase in technology to allow for better use of land resources, international trade, or seizing arable land from another state.
Trade also allows for better quality produce and competitiveness between nations, effectively raising the living standards of those nations.
It would be illogical to many in such a case to jeopardise those living standards for a war. 
Finally, increased trade leads to increased bilateral communication between nations and as such, wars not focused on resources or land already cured by trade, including ideological arguments become less evident.
Frere Jacques
'Frere Jacques' is a well-known children's song. 
It can be sung as a simple melody or as a round with up to four parts.
GSG 9
From 1972 to 2003 they reportedly completed over 1,500 missions, with only 5 shots being fired.
At the S.W.A.T. championship in 2005, GSG 9 won an impressive seven out of seven events, beating 17 other teams. 
In March 2006, in the same competition, GSG 9 defended its championship.
"Team GSG-9, the Federal Border Police of Germany, swept the competition and won all seven events."
Geoffrey Kleinman
Geoffrey Kleinman is considered a professional source for the home entertainment industry and is often cited as an expert opinion especially in regaurds to the format war 
George Strait
George Harvey Strait', (born May 18, 1952), is an American country music singer.
The native Texan is known for his honky tonk country western sound.
Strait is sometimes referred to as the "King of Country" and some critics call Strait a living legend (Bego, 2001). 
He is well known for his unique style of western swing music, barroom ballads, honky-tonk style, and fresh yet traditional country western music.
Ghulam Azam
Ghulam Azam in meting with Lt.General Tikka Khan and Nurul Amin to form Peace Committe (Razakar Party)
Goosebumps
There are many amazing 'Goosebumps' episodes , and it would be easy to discuss the merit of each. 
However, special attetention is clearly due to 'My Hariest Adventure' and 'Say Cheese and Die'.
R. L. Stine's brilliance is perhaps best showcased in these two episodes. 
As always, the episodes, well, leave the viewer with goosebumps.
But there is much, much more to 'Goosebumps' than the scare factor. 
When one begings to watch 'Goosebumps' and is not scared by it (this usually takes years) one is able to appreciate it on a much deeper level.
For example, if one pays close attention to 'Say Cheese and Die', one notices R. L. Stine's usage of humor, most notably in the "Umm, tasty" joke.
Instances like these take 'Goosebumps' to a level that most viewers never come to appreciate.
The depth of 'Goosebumps' extends even beyond the subtle jokes, though.
The memorable antagonist of 'Say Cheese and Die', "Spidey" can be seen as a symbol of perverted, creepy men everywhere.
The family car, for instance, can be seen as a symbol of decadence and excess.
It is no conincidence, therefore, that the camera (no doubt a symbol bad luck and misfortune) should wind up with the very family who posseses such a car.
In a truly post-victorian style, Stine develops and contrasts the luxury and wealth of the protagonist with the degredation of the antagonist.
This same contrast is found in 'The Haunted Mask' between Carley Beth and her family and the jaded shop keeper who supplies her the mask.
Just as in 'Say Cheese and Die', the protagonist steals something (in this case the mask itself) from the antagonist.
Some will argue that the old man who made the mask was not infact an antagonist, but his role in creating the mask clearly establishes him as the antagonist of the story. 
Further establishing his role as the antagonist is Stine's careful development of his greed and personal dissatifaction.
In the same way that Spidey brought about his own ruin because of his greedy attempt to see the future, the old shop keeper brings about his own ruin as a result of his greed to be physically attractive.
Ironically, the protagonist of the story, Carley Beth, also expresses personal dissatisfaction when she thinks she is so cowardly that she should buy the mask to make up for her cowardice.
Graham Coutts
The prosecution used Coutts' behaviour (hiding the body) in the weeks after the death to strengthen the case that Coutts had the intent to commit murder.
Coutts himself claimed that he thought his accidental death explanation would not be believed , and he would be convicted of murder regardless. 
This has turned out to be true, but in any case, the post-death behaviour appears to strengthen the claim that the death was unplanned. 
The prosecution case was that Coutts, who visited the stored body on a number of occasions, showed necrophiliac tendencies.
If he had such tendencies before the death, they may have been the necessary motive for murder. 
When interviewed informally by police investigating Ms. Longhurst's disappearance, Coutts also repeatedly lied to police about his movements, before going on holiday with his partner, who was expecting twins.
Gremlin
The word "gremlin" originated in oral use amongst R.A.F. aviators' slang in Malta, the Middle East and India and is said to date to 1923; with the earliest recorded printed use being a poem published in the journal 'Aeroplane' April 10, 1929. 
The concept of gremlins as responsible for sabotaging aircraft was popularized during World War II among airmen of Britain's Royal Air Force, in particular the men of the high altitude Photographic Reconnaissance Units (PRU) of RAF Benson, RAF Wick and RAF St Eval.
The story attempted to explain the accidents which often occurred during their flights.
Gremlins were also thought to have enemy sympathies, but investigation revealed that the enemy also had similar problems, so the gremlins were not taking sides in the conflict.}} 
In reality, the gremlins were a form of "buck passing" or deflecting blame.
Gulnora Karimova
'Gulnara Islamovna Karimova' (born July 8, 1972) is the daughter of President Islom Karimov of Uzbekistan.
She serves as an Advisor to the Ambassador of Uzbekistan in Russia and is believed to have built an extensive business empire that includes the largest wireless telephone operator in Uzbekistan, night clubs, and a large cement factory. 
She has a warrant for her arrest in New Jersey after fleeing the United States with her children following a messy divorce and custody battle that resulted in her Afghan American ex-husband being awarded custody.
Ha'penny Bridge
Beyond it, the dome of the eighteenth century Custom House and Liberty Hall, Dublin's tallest building.
The 'Ha'penny Bridge' (known later for a time as the 'Penny Ha'penny Bridge') is a pedestrian bridge built in 1816 over the River Liffey in Dublin, Ireland.
Originally called the 'Wellington Bridge' (after the Duke of Wellington), the name of the bridge changed to Liffey Bridge, and somewhat surprisingly , the name remains as so to this day. 
However, due to its distinct shape as well as the original toll of one halfpenny, (later, one penny, two farthings) the more popular title of Ha'penny Bridge stuck in the minds of the natives.
The toll itself was dropped in 1919; before this, turnstiles lay on either side of it.
Ha'penny Bridge
Before the Ha'penny Bridge had been built there were seven ferries that operated from one side of the Liffey to the other under the watchful eye of William Walsh. 
The ferries had been said to be in a bad condition and he was told that he had to either fix the ferries or build a bridge. 
Walsh chose the latter option and was granted the right to extract a ha'penny toll from anyone crossing it for 100 years.
Ha'penny Bridge
The bridge was originally built from cast iron, which has a great tendency to decay with age. 
This was especially evident in the side rails, which had begun to rust badly. 
From 2001 to 2003 the bridge was closed for repair and renovations, and was reopened sporting a new white colour, and a resupported structure containing as many of the old components of the bridge as possible.
The repair work was carried out by Harland and Wolff, makers of the RMS 'Titanic'.
Harm reduction
Critics of harm reduction contend that it appears to condone and even facilitate behaviours that are dangerous, socially destabilizing or considered immoral. 
For these reasons, harm reduction has been very controversial in the United States, where it has met more resistance than in Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.
In the United States, debate about harm reduction is very polarized.
Advocates are often characterized as "pro-drug".
Opponents of harm reduction are often criticised for ignoring the realities and circumstances of addictions, disregarding scientific evidence, marginalizing the basic human rights of affected persons, and responding from a position of "moral panic".
Harm reduction
Harm reductionists contend that no one should be denied services, such as health care or social security, merely because they take certain risks or exhibit certain behaviours that are illegal or are generally disapproved of by society as a whole. 
Further, harm reduction seeks to take a social justice stance in response to behaviours such as the use of illicit drugs or prostitution, as opposed to criminalising and prosecuting these behaviours.
Often , harm reduction advocates the view that prohibition of drugs is discriminatory, ineffective and counter-productive. 
Among other arguments, they point out that the burden placed on the public health system and society as a whole from cannabis use and other illegal drugs are relatively low. 
They also contend that the substances are still widely used, despite extremely expensive attempts to enforce laws criminalizing them, and that the prohibition has the effect of criminalizing and marginalizing otherwise law-abiding drug users. 
Harm reduction
There is a third group that advocates an approach which is sometimes referred to as gradualism. 
Gradualism advocates are of the opinion that harm reduction programs are sometimes rooted in pessimism about the ability of addicts to stop their addictive behaviors and represent the "soft bigotry of low expectations."
They are unlikely to categorize interventions as "good" or "bad". 
Rather, they tend to be more concerned that programs should urge clients toward abstinence when windows of opportunity open.
Harm reduction
Some harm reductionists advocate the availability of the synthetic drug methadone (or, more recently, of buprenorphine) for users who are dependent on opioids (e.g. heroin, codeine). 
Methadone does not cause a strong euphoria in the user but reduces or eliminates cravings and the symptoms of opioid withdrawal.
Therefore, harm reductionists maintain, methadone should be made widely available to people, temporarily or permanently, to promote the transition to a fulfilling and healthy lifestyle.
Critics of methadone treatment claim that this is merely a substitution of one addiction for another, or that methadone treatment does not work. 
There is an international literature to show that methadone programmes can help opioid users stabilise their lifestyles by obtaining a legal, regulated substitute drug. 
This could potentially help them look after themselves, their families, and re-enter the work force or pursue further education.
These are the building blocks for regaining dignity and self esteem and are imperative for those who want to become contributing members of society.
Harm reduction is a flexible philosophy that stresses understanding of the needs of the drug user, and responding to these needs in a way as flexible and realistic as the local laws allow, working at the pace - and to achieve the goals - that the person wants.
However, for those drug users who want to change their life, substitute medication should be complemented by psychological and practical support, enabling the person to reach their stated goals.
In the UK prescribing methadone is seen as a way of reducing drug related-crime - the provision of substitute medication removes the need to buy drugs through the underground street market.
Harold Washington
On November 25 1987, Washington died of a heart attack in his office at City Hall.
It was rumored that doctors at the hospital to which Washington had been brought when he suffered his fatal heart attack had discovered that underneath his suit he was wearing female underwear. 
Harrow School
The school is located in Harrow on the Hill in the London Borough of Harrow.
It was founded in 1572 under a Royal Charter granted by Elizabeth I of England.
This charter was granted to John Lyon for the provision of education to local boys.
Lyon was particularly insistent about keeping Harrow single-sex.
It is one of the original nine English public schools as defined by the Public Schools Act 1868.
Hathor
Hathor's temple at Dendera contains an image, that recently has come to be known as the Dendera Light, which some , controversially, have claimed may be a depiction of an electric lamp. 
Herschel Walker
Most football experts rank Walker's professional career as something of a disappointment. 
This must be due to the high, perhaps unrealistic, expectations that were placed upon him due to his college career and the scrutiny which was entailed by so much being traded for him by the Vikings. 
Additionally, he never played on a championship NFL team.
Some observers , however, claim that Walker was at least in part a victim of the package of rules changes the NFL had adopted in the spring of 1978, which were widely assumed to discourage offenses from running (rather than passing) most of the time; in addition, the NFL teams on which Walker played seldom used the I-formation, out of which he ran so successfully throughout his career. 
Heterophobia
Some have argued that the word is etymologically ill-formed, as it appears to have been formed from the Greek elements 'hetero-' "different" and 'phobia', so that the word in fact means "fear of difference" (something of an irony considering that many persons claiming heterophobic discrimination are often demonstrating exactly that). 
Such critics have proposed alternative words such as 'heteroerotophobia' or 'heterosexophobia'. 
However, the word's common useage shows that it is in origin a portmanteau of 'heterosexual' and 'phobia', coined on the analogy of 'homophobia' (which is likewise an etymologically incorrect portmanteau).'
Heterophobia' may also be an intentionally subversive use of language made generally by more conservative position in LGBT debates, to counteract perceived pejorative bias of the term homophobia.
Critics of LGBT equality measures often see themselves as having rational and morality-based reasons for disagreeing with particular LGBT positions, while the other side may accuse them of taking the 'homophobic' position. 
They may see the word 'homophobic' as an ad hominem attack and in response, they demonstrate the perceived absurdity and inapplicability of this term by using variations of the term 'heterophobia' or 'moralityphobia.' 
Heterophobia
The term is also used by some to imply that extending equal rights to LGBT people 'inherently' constitutes discrimination against heterosexuals, or as an intentionally absurd use of language made generally by more conservative position in LGBT debates, to counteract perceived pejorative bias of the term homophobia. 
Hieronymus Bosch
'Hieronymus Bosch', (Latinised 'Jheronimus Bosch'; real name 'Jeroen van Aken') (c. 1450 - August 9, 1516)was an Early Netherlandish painter of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries.
Many of his works depict sin and human moral failings.
Bosch used images of demons, half-human animals and machines to evoke fear and confusion to portray the evil of man.
The works contain complex, highly original, imaginative, and dense use of symbolic figures and iconography, some of which was obscure even in his own time.
He is said to have been an inspiration for the surrealist movement in the twentieth century. 
High-density lipoprotein
Other suggested lifestyle changes include: Using supplements such as omega 3 fish oil 
Limiting intake of dietary fat to 30–35% of total calories
Niacin
Hijab
Some Muslims believe hijab covering for women should be compulsory as part of Sharia law. 
Wearing of the hijab was enforced by the Taliban regime, and is enforced in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The Prosecutor-General, Abolfazl Musavi-Tabrizi has been quoted as saying: "Any one who rejects the principle of hijab in Iran is an apostate and the punishment for an apostate under Islamic law is death"
The Taliban's Islamic Emirate required women to cover not only their head but their face as well, because "the face of a woman is a source of corruption" for men not related to them.
Hip hop music
Alternative hiphop
Though mainstream acceptance has become fairly limited to so-called commercial acts, some alternative rap artists , with a socially aware or positive or optimistic tone, have achieved moderate mainstream success. 
De La Soul's 'Three Feet High and Rising', Gang Starr's 'No More Mr. Nice Guy' and the Jungle Brothers' 'Straight Out the Jungle' are usually considered the first albums in this genre, with jazz-based samples and lyrics (see jazz rap) strongly influenced by the Afrocentric messages of Bambaataa's Zulu Nation collective. 
Later alternative artists like A Tribe Called Quest, Mos Def, and The Roots, also achieved some mainstream success, though the influence of jazz had grown less pronounced (with some exceptions, such as Guru's 'Jazzmatazz' project).
History of brassieres
A common error in thinking about the history of underwear is to assume that the elaborate constraints placed on women's figures over the years were universal. 
In fact corsetry made it virtually impossible to perform work, so much simpler functional garments were worn by women who worked inside or outside of the home.
Support for the breasts was often provided by a simple tie under the breast line, in the bodice.
History of brassieres
Strophion worn under the bust.
It is often stated that the concept of covering or restraining the breasts dates back to ancient Greece. 
This is based on wall paintings in Crete, the centre of the Minoan civilisation which show what has been described as a 'bikini'.
These appear to be women performing in athletics.
Similar depictions are seen in Sicily (Villa Romana del Casale, 4th Century).
However Minoan women on the island of Crete 3,000 years ago wore garments that partially supported yet revealed their bare breasts.
The best known example of this being the Snake Goddess.
They used corsets that were fitted and laced or a smaller corselette that left the breasts exposed, or even forced them upwards to make them more visible.
However this 'corset' was outerwear, not underwear.
Therefore it would be a mistake to believe that covering the breasts, or even wearing a bra like garment was a usual part of Minoan life. 
The succeeding Mycenaean civilisation also emphasised the breast which had a special cultural and religious significance.
Women in Classical Greece are often depicted loosely draped in diaphanous garments, or with one breast exposed.
A band of cloth known as an 'apodesmos', or 'mastodeton' was worn by Greek women to bind down the breasts for exercise in those city-states that supported women's sports, such as Sparta.
A belt could also be fastened over a simple tunic-like garment or undergarment, just below the breasts or over the breasts.
When the apodesmos was worn under the breasts, it accentuated them.
Another word for a breast-band or belt was 'strophion'.
However the most famous depiction of women exercising in Sparta, by Degas shows the women wearing only a loincloth.
The basic item of classical Greek costume was the 'peplos', later the 'chiton' (two rectangular pieces of cloth partially sewn together on both sides, with a 12" to 15" overfold or 'apotygma'), which evolved into the chemise, the commonest item of under clothing worn by men and women for hundreds of years, also variously known as a smock or shift.
In Sparta women usually wore the chiton completely open on the left side.
History of brassieres
The 'history of the bra' is inextricably intertwined with the social history of the status of women.
Therefore it is important to realize how fashion has evolved, and how changing views of the body and especially the breasts have shaped that fashion. 
History of brassieres
The history of the bra overlaps considerably that of the corset, from which it was derived.
Some degree of emphasis of form can also be traced back to Greece, where a leather band style 'corset' could be worn to give definition to the hips and bust under the Chiton.
Early stays, as used in the seventeenth century did not involve the bodice directly, but concentrated on constricting the waist, indirectly thrusting up the upper body parts.
With time the stay came to involve support in the upper front part of the body as well.
These supported and raised the breasts.
The term corset gradually replaced the stay.
The décolletage was always visible, but until the 1920s breasts were always treated en masse ('monobosom').
It is important to realise that while the breasts were pushed out, they still essentially remained loose, or were flattened by overlying garments, unlike the modern encompassing constraints. 
History of brassieres
Strophion worn under the bust.
Covering or restraining the breasts may date back to ancient Greece. 
This belief is based on wall paintings in Crete, the centre of the Minoan civilisation, which show what has been described as a 'bikini'.
These appear to be women performing in athletics.
Similar depictions are seen in Sicily (Villa Romana del Casale, 4th Century).
However Minoan women on the island of Crete 3,000 years ago wore garments that partially supported yet revealed their bare breasts.
The best known example of this being the Snake Goddess.
They used corsets that were fitted and laced or a smaller corselette that left the breasts exposed, or even forced them upwards to make them more visible.
However this 'corset' was outerwear, not underwear.
Therefore it would be a mistake to believe that covering the breasts, or even wearing a bra like garment was a usual part of Minoan life. 
The succeeding Mycenaean civilisation also emphasised the breast which had a special cultural and religious significance.
Women in Classical Greece are often depicted loosely draped in diaphanous garments, or with one breast exposed.
A band of cloth known as an 'apodesmos', or 'mastodeton' was worn by Greek women to bind down the breasts for exercise in those city-states that supported women's sports, such as Sparta.
A belt could also be fastened over a simple tunic-like garment or undergarment, just below the breasts or over the breasts.
When the apodesmos was worn under the breasts, it accentuated them.
Another word for a breast-band or belt was 'strophion'.
However the most famous depiction of women exercising in Sparta, by Degas shows the women wearing only a loincloth.
The basic item of classical Greek costume was the 'peplos', later the 'chiton' (two rectangular pieces of cloth partially sewn together on both sides, with a 12" to 15" overfold or 'apotygma'), which evolved into the chemise, the commonest item of under clothing worn by men and women for hundreds of years, also variously known as a smock or shift.
In Sparta women usually wore the chiton completely open on the left side.
History of early Ottoman Bulgaria
After falling almost entirely under Ottoman rule in the end of the 14th century, the Bulgarian state ceased to exist as an independent entity and remained part of the Ottoman Empire for nearly five centuries until 1878.
The period is widely regarded as a time of cultural and national decline as contrasted to the best years of the medieval Bulgarian Empire, mainly owing to the foreign character of the dominant empire, as well as its stagnation and decline in the later years. 
Holly Landers
However, there is some speculation among fans that she had faked her death in order to get out of the industry completely. 
Hollywood, Los Angeles, California
'Hollywood' is a district in Los Angeles, California, situated west-northwest of Downtown Los Angeles.
Due to its fame and cultural identity as the historical center of movie studios and movie stars, the word "Hollywood" is often used as a metonym for the cinema of the United States.
Today much of the movie industry has dispersed into surrounding areas such as Burbank and the Los Angeles Westside but significant auxiliary industries, such as editing, effects, props, post-production and lighting companies, remain in Hollywood. 
Hollywood, Los Angeles, California
The Boundaries of Hollywood, as established by the California Legislature (AB 588)
Holodomor
The Ukrainian famine (1932-1933)', or 'Holodomor', was one of the largest national catastrophes of the Ukrainian nation in modern history, with direct loss of human life in the range of millions. 
With the estimates of the number of victims of the famine as high as up to 10 million being often published in the media. 
In addition, at least one million people from the Ukraine were sent to the Gulag or forcefully relocated to unpopulated areas during this time
Life expectancy at birth fell to a level as low as 10 years for females and 7 for males at the Ukraine in 1933
Holography
Holograms produced using dot matrix technology are considered to be the most secured hologram internationally. 
The resultant holograms have a maximum resolution of 10 micrometres per optical element.
Dot matrix holograms are originated using highly sophisticated and expensive dot matrix systems, and thus offer a high level of protection - other optical or printing technologies are not able to reproduce the same wide range of optical elements. 
To design optical elements, several algorithms are used to shape scattered radiation patterns.
Homosexuality and Zoroastrianism
Some people speculate the reason why Zoroastrians tend to discourage homosexuality is not simply because of a scriptural prohibition, but from perceived tradition. 
Since present-day Zoroastrianism does not traditionally accept converts, some followers of the religion see reproduction as essential to maintain the the community.
A homosexual couple cannot reproduce sexually, whereas a heterosexual couple can.
Some followers suggest that homosexuality should be discouraged as celibacy is. 
However, few Zoroastrian communities exclude members on the grounds that they may be, or are, homosexual.
Upon his death, Freddie Mercury, a homosexual Parsi, was given a traditional Zoroastrian funeral service.
Hooters
The uniform is considered by some to be an objectification of women. 
The general environment of the restaurant is seen by many people as sexist and demeaning to women. 
The restaurant hires only women as servers, and refers to them as "Hooters Girls".
Several discrimination lawsuits brought against the chain have been settled out of court or dropped by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission(EEOC), some after an advertising campaign featuring St. Petersburg, Florida Hooters' kitchen manager Vince Gigliotti dressed in a Hooters Girl uniform.
Men do find employment at Hooters as cooks, dishwashers, and managers where most wear Bermuda shorts, Hawaiian shirts, and similar garb.
Hostel (film)
Critical results were either raves or pans.
Critics attack the film for its violence, while defenders interpret it as a subversive commentary on the darkest aspects of a capitalist society, and how people exploit others for their own pleasure: Jean Francois Rauger, a major film critic for 'Le Monde', a French newspaper, and programmer of the Cinématheque Française, listed 'Hostel' as the Best American Film of 2006, and hailed the film as a brilliant comment on capitalism gone too far. 
Artforum magazine in America called the film the smartest comment in cinema to date on American imperialism.
Hostel won the 2006 Empire Award for Best Horror Film.
In October 2007 H.M.V. stores' annual Horror poll ranked "Hostel" on their list of the 10 best horror films of all time.
It was the only modern horror film on the list, the most recent after it was made in 1988.
Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments: Even Scarier Movie Moments" ranked "Hostel" as the #1 scariest film of all time.
House dust mite
The 'house dust mite' (sometimes abbreviated by allergists to 'HDM'), is a cosmopolitan guest in human habitation.
Dust mites feed on organic detritus such as flakes of shed human skin and flourish in the stable environment of dwellings.
In nature they are killed by micro-predators and by exposure to direct sun rays.
Dust mites are considered to be the most common cause of asthma and allergic symptoms worldwide. 
The enzymes they produce can be smelled most strongly in full vacuum cleaner bags.
The 'European house dust mite' ('Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus') and the 'American house dust mite' ('Dermatophagoides farinae') are two different species.
House dust mite
Dust mites consume minute particles of organic matter.
Some species of mites prefer to eat skin cells, a large component of household dust; others prefer flour dust. 
Dust mites have a rudimentary alimentary system (no stomach) and require most digestion to occur outside their body.
For this reason they secrete enzymes and deposit the fungus 'Aspergillus repens' on dust particles, to enable the fungus to pre-digest the organic matter with its enzymes.
Dust mites eat the same particle several times, only partially digesting it each time.
Between feedings dust mites leave particles to decompose further.
Ultimately a fully digested particle, which a dust mite will not eat, is deemed by scientists to constitute fecal matter.
On average , a person sheds about 1.5 grams of skin cells and flakes every day (approximately 0.3-0.45 kg per year), which is enough to feed roughly a million dust mites under ideal conditions.. 
Dust mites in bedding derive moisture from human breathing, perspiration, and saliva.
Human Nature (Michael Jackson song)
Although a music video was never produced, given MTV's influence on sales for Thriller at the time, it still remains a hit today for many of Jackson listeners. 
Human dignity
The term "dignity" is defined as "the state of being worthy of honour or respect".
When this concept is associated with the adjective "human", it is used to signify that all human beings possess inherent worth and deserve unconditional respect, regardless of age, sex, health status, social or ethnic origin, political ideas, religion, or criminal history. 
In other words, this respect is owed to every individual by the mere fact that he or she is a "member of the human family".
This intrinsic worthiness is widely recognized by international law as the source of all human rights.
In this respect, both the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) of 1966 affirm that human rights “derive from the inherent dignity of the human person”.
Human rights
A few groups conceptually divide rights into 'negative and positive rights'. 
By this distinction, "negative" human rights, which follow mainly from the Anglo-American legal tradition of natural rights, are rights that a government and/or private entities may never take action to remove.
For example, right to life and security of person; freedom from slavery; equality before the law and due process under the rule of law; freedom of movement; freedoms of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of assembly; the right to bear arms.
These have been codified in documents including the Scottish Claim of Right, the English Bill of Rights the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and the United States Bill of Rights and Fourteenth Amendment.
Human rights
Some have attempted to construct an "'interests theory'" defense of human rights. 
For example the philosopher John Finnis argues that human rights are justifiable on the grounds of their instrumental value in creating the necessary conditions for human well-being.
Some interest-theorists also justify the duty to respect the rights of other individuals on grounds of self-interest (rather than altruism or benevolence). 
Reciprocal recognition and respect of rights ensures that one's own will be protected.
Human rights
A deconstructionist critique has been levied at the discourse of human rights by many scholars of critical legal studies. 
They argue that the logic of liberal human rights discourse is often circular and internally inconsistent, allowing for it to be easily manipulable. 
Moreover, they argue that human rights discourse often limits actors capacity to conceptualize radical, non-juridical, change. 
Harvard Law Professor Duncan Kennedy has argued:
Human rights
National loyalties have been described as a destructive influence on the human rights movement because they deny people's innately similar human qualities. 
But others argue that state sovereignty is paramount, not least because it is often the state that has signed up to human rights treaties. 
Commentators' positions in the argument for and against intervention and the use of force by states are influenced by whether they believe human rights are largely a legal or moral duty and whether they are of more cosmopolitan or nationalist persuasion. 
Human rights
It is widely agreed that government is a 'trust structure' created by people to manage the needs of society. 
The relationship between government and the governed is a fiduciary one.
Yet rules such as Sovereign Immunity or Crown and Judicial Immunity are now being targeted as the very the tools of oppression that are preventing those being abused from taking action against the person controlling the laws of a country.
Originating from within the Courts of Equity, the fiduciary concept was partly designed to prevent those holding positions of power from abusing their authority.
Human rights
Modern arguments suggest any judicial, political or government control over the interests of people engenders moral obligations of the highest responsibility and trust. 
Actors' conduct should therefore be judged by the most exacting fiduciary standards. 
The fiduciary relationship arises from the governments ability to control people with the exercise of that power.
In effect, if a government has the power to abolish any rights, it is equally burdened with the fiduciary duty to protect such an interest because it would benefit from the exercise of its own discretion to extinguish rights which it alone had the power to dispose of.
IC4
The trains design is a result of cooperation between DSB’s own designers, stressing Nordic minimalistic design, and the Italian design company Pininfarina, famous for designing Ferrari cars, stressing Italian sexyness and curves. 
On the exterior, the sharp noses on the end of each trainset, known from high speed trains throughout Europe, represents a break with the current tradition of the IC3 train, where passengers are able walk between the trainsets.
In the interior, the train features natural materials in line with Scandinavian design tradition, an audio/video information system with seat reservation displays, and a lounge area.
ICQ
'Acceptable Use Policy':The acceptable use policy has been criticized for containing this passage: 
IQ and the Wealth of Nations
The book was cited several times in the popular press, notably the British conservative newspaper 'The Times'.
Because Tatu Vanhanen is the father of Matti Vanhanen, the Finnish Prime minister, his work has received wide publicity in Finland. 
It has also been severely criticized. 
Iceland
Iceland has a typical left-right multi-party system. 
The biggest party is the right wing Independence Party (’’Sjálfstaoisflokkurinn’’), while the second largest one is the social democratic Alliance (’Samfylkingin’’).
Following the May 2007 parliamentary elections, these two formed a coalition, enjoying a strong majority in Althing, with 43 out of 63 members supporting it.
Iceland
Iceland is a welfare state and its population enjoys a wide range of benefits, for example old-age pensions and unemployment benefits.
Icelanders also have access to excellent healthcare and education. 
This means that Iceland has very high taxation, like other Nordic countries.
The Ministry of Health runs the healthcare system.
The Ministry of Education, Science and Culture is responsible for the policies and methods that schools must use, and they issue the National Curriculum Guidelines.
However, the playschools and the primary and lower secondary schools are funded and administered by the municipalities.
Immaculate Conception
Mary is also shown as being totally faithful towards Christ, especially during his Passion, when he was abandoned by His followers, even the apostles (apart from the young John).
Mary's complete faithfulness could be the fruit of being sinless, as she could not then reject Christ in the darkest hour. 
In support to this doctrine, it also does not appear fit that Christ, God-incarnate, should be born in sinful vessel. 
The Immaculate Conception also compares to the original righteousness of Adam and Eve.
Indian caste system
According to the ancient Hindu scriptures, there are four "varnas."
The Bhagavad Gita says varnas are decided based on Guna and Karma.
Manusmriti and some other shastras mention four varnas: the Brahmins (teachers, scholars and priests), the Kshatriyas (kings and warriors), the Vaishyas (traders), and Sudras (agriculturists, service providers, and some artisan groups). 
Offspring of different varnas belong to different 'Jati's.
Another group excluded from the main society was called Parjanya or Antyaja.
This group of former "untouchables" (now called Dalits) was considered either the lower section of Shudras or outside the caste system altogether. 
Passages from scriptures such as Manusmriti indicate that the varna system was originally non-hereditary.'
ManuSmriti X:65': "As the son of Shudra can attain the rank of a Brahmin, the son of Brahmin can attain rank of a shudra.
Even so with him who is born of a Vaishya or a Kshatriya"
Indian caste system
According to some authors , the fluidity of the caste system was affected by the arrival of the British. 
Prior to that, the relative ranking of castes differed from one place to another.
The castes did not constitute a rigid description of the occupation or the social status of a group.
Since the British society was divided by class, the British attempted to equate the Indian caste system to the class system.
They saw caste as an indicator of occupation, social standing, and intellectual ability.
During the initial days of British East India Company's rules, caste privileges and customs were encouraged, but the British law courts disagreed with the discrimination against the lower castes.
However British policies of divide and rule as well as enumeration of the population into rigid categories during the 10 year census contributed towards the hardening of caste identities.
Ink & Dagger
On one occasion , the band vomited on Christmas trees on stage. 
The band's influence is evidenced in the work of mainstream acts such as Refused, Frodus, The Murder City Devils, At the Drive-In, The Icarus Line, and Thursday.
McCabe was also infamous for egging Hare-Krishna devotees and throwing yogurt at Earth Crisis. 
Inquiry-based learning
Inquiry-based Learning has been of great influence in science education, where it is known as Inquiry-based science, especially since the publication of the National Science Educational Standards in 1996.
Since this publication some educators have advocated a return to more traditional fact-based methods of teaching and assessment. 
Other educators perceive inquiry as being of importance in teaching students to research and learn independently, a prerequisite for basic learning and self discovery. 
Unfortunately these standards were put in place without careful deliberation of the literature. 
Inquiry-based learning
The empirical evidence on this topic is quite clear (Kirschner et al. 2006; Mayer, 2004), for it suggests direct methods of instruction given novices.
Certainly once a learner has some foundation with the material, then one can expect them to practice what they have learned.
Unfortunately , the sad truth is that most learners are essentially novices, yet many expect them to act like experts. 
Inquisition (disambiguation)
Inquisition (Inquisitorial system) is a common legal procedure where the tribunal is actively involved in determining the facts of the case.
Inquisition, or more correctly and formally '"The Office of the Holy Inquistion"' was also a department of the Roman Catholic Church charged with suppressing doctrinal heresy, using the Inquisitorial system described, and in all its forms, was behind a lot of witchcraft trials as well as forcible conversions or religious repression.
Several different Catholic inquisitions were employed, and while this may seem strange in a modern secular world, matters of faith were taken as a given and otherwise as works of the devil in that long ago period. 
Persons tried by the inquisition were frequently burned if convicted, which by today's standards would be an obvious conflict of interest-the inquisition could only seize the property of those charged if they were convicted on a capital charge; and the secular authorities virtually always executed anyone they remanded over after the least of pro forma civil trials, and the penalty for witchcraft was nearly universally, burning at the stake-from strictures in the Bible.
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
The planned tunnel and its integration with other transport modes in Dublin City
The 'Interconnector' , also known as DART Underground, is a planned railway tunnel in the Republic of Ireland, expected to run under the city centre of Dublin. 
The tunnel will allow for the expansion of the electric DART and Dublin Suburban Rail network, and connect these rail transport systems.
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
Dublin's current mass transit projects do not allow for easy transfers. 
The existing Luas light rail lines, electrified DART and commuter trains do not connect with each other adequately and to address this an integrated transport plan, Transport 21, has been announced. 
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
It also addresses the issue that south-western commuter services do not terminate in the city centre, but rather at Heuston, and this is regarded as unattractive for many commuters. 
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
One alternative solution that has been advocated is running these services through the existing Phoenix Park tunnel to the new temporary station at Spencer Dock; however, this proposal has not been adopted and does not appear to be on the agenda.
This proposal would not increase capacity but would make commuting more attractive to those along the Kildare line. 
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
The interconnector itself is a critical component for successful transport integration, as it will connect with the existing and proposed Luas system, and the planned Metro system. 
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
Its primary purpose is to address the capacity issues on the existing rail lines, stemming from the fact that Connolly station is the terminus for almost all of Dublin commuter rail traffic.
The tunnel will take much of the pressure off Connolly and allow Iarnród Éireann to cope with the anticipated demand, which would not be possible otherwise. 
Interconnector (rail tunnel)
By diverting the DART line from the north to Dublin's new Docklands developments and thence under the city, through the Interconnector / DART Underground, to Dublin's westerly Heuston Station, much more capacity for DART can be provided. 
The DART line will then proceed to Dublin's westerly suburbs, replacing some existing commuter services with much more frequent electric DART trains that will connect directly with the city centre. 
Iowa caucuses
There is a debate over the effectiveness and usefulness of caucuses in Iowa. 
One criticism is that the caucuses, especially the Democratic caucus, are a step backwards from the right to a secret ballot.
Democratic caucus participants (though 'not' Republicans, whose caucuses vote by secret ballot) must publicly state their opinion and vote, leading to natural problems such as peer pressure from fellow neighbors and embarrassment over who his/her real pick might be.
Another criticism involves the sheer amount of participants' time these events consume.
The Iowa caucus lasts two hours, preventing people who must work, who are sick, or must take care of their children from casting their vote.
Absentee voting is also barred, so soldiers who come from Iowa, but must serve in the military lose their vote.
The final criticism is the complexity of the rules in terms of how one's vote counts, as it is not a simple popular vote.
Each precinct's vote may be weighed differently due to its past voting record.
Ties can be solved by picking a name out of a hat or a simple coin toss, leading to anger over the true democratic nature of these caucuses.
Additionally, the representation of the caucus has been questioned due to traditionally low turnout. 
Others question the permanent feature of having caucuses in certain states, while perpetually ignoring the rest of the country. 
Jaime Licauco
'Jaime T. Licauco', popularly known as 'Jimmy Licauco', is a renowned parapsychologist, author, and management practitioner in the Philippines. 
James Hannell
The main street of Wickham is named after James.
Hannell St, runs from Wickham Station, to approximately, Elizabeth St, Tighe's Hill.
James Thiérrée
James is the son of Geraldine Chaplin and Jean-Baptiste Thiérrée.
He started as a child performer in his parents' company, with Le Cirque Imaginaire, later Le Cirque Invisible -- these were modern traveling circuses which some credit as a source of inspiration for the Cirque du Soleil. 
Janet Leigh
Janet Leigh pictured in the 1950s.
Throughout the 1950s, Leigh starred in movies that well showed off her beautiful presence, most notably taking the leading blonde role in the musical comedy 'My Sister Eileen', co-starring Jack Lemmon, Betty Garrett and Dick York. 
Janet Leigh
Leigh's best-known role was as the morally ambiguous Marion Crane in the Alfred Hitchcock classic 1960 film 'Psycho'. 
In spite of her outstanding , performance as Crane, Leigh went through typecasting and spent most of her career doing guest appearances on TV shows. 
Her performance earned her a Golden Globe and an Academy award nomination.
Years later, she wrote a book about the making of 'Psycho', in which she dispelled the urban legends which had popped up around it, notably, about the immortal "shower scene." 
Jasmin St. Claire
Among her porn films, St. Claire is best known for her appearance in 'Gang Bang 2' (a 1996 sequel to 'World's Biggest Gang Bang' with Annabel Chong), in which she performed a record-breaking 300 sex acts with about 18 men.
(This record was later broken by Houston, who allegedly had sex 620 times with approximately the same number of men, although some accounts say the intercourse counts are greatly exaggerated.) 
She explained her controversial career move on the Howard Stern show by stating that she wanted to gain "quick fame" in the porn industry.
Jay Faires
'Jay Faires' is currently President of Music and Publishing at Lionsgate Entertainment.
He was assigned this position in July 2005 after consulting for the company during the prior year.
Upon appointment, Faires began transforming Lionsgate Music (LGM) into the leading independent music publisher it is becoming today. 
Jeannie Carson
'Jeannie Carson' (born 'Jean Schufflebottom' on May 23 1938) is a British comedian and stage actor born in Yorkshire, England.
Although she has appeared on TV several times, Carson is not considered a TV star. 
Carson has a "star" on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Jim Craig (ice hockey)
Jim is in demand from coast to coast and internationally as a motivational speaker, spokesperson, marketing and sales strategist, and master storyteller.
He is president of Gold Medal Strategies, a Boston-area based promotions and marketing firm that also manages and represents Jim and his appearance business.
Over the past 25 years, Jim has inspired, instructed, and provided strategic and winning direction for employees and associates from more than 300 organizations, including Allianz, Bayer Corporation, Buena Vista Home Entertainment, Coca-Cola, Dunkin’ Donuts, Evergreen Financial, GE Access, Gore Medical, John Hancock, Next Financial, Time Inc., Walt Disney, Welch’s, and other companies that hold some of the world’s most recognized brands. 
Jodie Foster
After appearing as a child in several commercials, Foster made her first credited TV appearance on The Doris Day Show. 
Her first movie role was in the 1970 TV movie 'Menace on the Mountain', which was followed by several Disney productions.
Foster did not experience her breakout role until 1976, when she received moderate recognition but great acclaim for her role as an underage prostitute in 'Taxi Driver', receiving an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
She won an Oscar for Best Actress in 1988 for playing a rape victim in 'The Accused'.
In 1991, she starred in 'The Silence of the Lambs' as Clarice Starling, a gifted FBI trainee, assisting in a hunt for a serial killer.
This performance received international acclaim and another Oscar for Best Actress.
Her films and roles have spanned a wide variety of genres, including thrillers, crime, romance, comedy, children's movies, and science fiction.
Joel Osteen
Osteen married Victoria L. Iloff on 4 April, 1987.
They have two children, Jonathan and Alexandra.
Joel, son of John and Dodie Osteen, is one of six children.
His elder siblings, Paul, Lisa, Tamara and his younger sister April, are also involved in full-time ministry.
Joel's half-brother, Justin, does missionary work out of New York, Mathieu is his father's son from his first marriage which ended in a divorce.
Joel's father, John Osteen, a former Southern Baptist pastor who became Charismatic in the late 1950s, founded Lakewood Church on Mother's Day, 1959.
Osteen's father developed Lakewood into a body of approximately 6,000 members with an active television ministry, crusades, conferences, missionary support and food distribution.
He died of a heart attack in 1999.
Joel attended Oral Roberts University in Oklahoma but dropped out.
Nonetheless, just recently in 2007, Mr. Osteen received an honorary doctorate degree, Ph.D. from a Board University of Alternative Medicines located in Boston Massachusetts.
Joel was recognized by the Board due to his ministry work, for his much noted generous help to people in need, and for his steadfast commitment in helping millions of people through his best seller books. 
John Parris
'John Parris' (born 1952), of Forest Hill, London, England, is one of the worlds most prominent manufacturers of handmade snooker cues. 
John Titor
The predictive failings of the Titor story have not stopped the story from continuing to be a topic of discussion in the paranormal community.
Supporters often play down the problems in the story, saying the posts can be re-interpreted and thus be "correct", in a manner of speaking. 
One example of this is the claim that Titor may have been talking about 'Summer' Olympics only, in which case it is not until the 2008 Olympics that the claim can be verified. 
The lack of any obvious sort of civil war in the United States is generally claimed to be due to a slow rise in tensions; Titor's date of 2004 is what would point to only in retrospect. 
Joint (cannabis)
Mixing tobacco in with the cannabis is much more common in some areas partly because the majority of cannabis is resin which cannot be smoked on its own in a joint. 
People who use tobacco claim it helps the joint burn, when loose tobacco acts as "kindling" to ignite the moister and denser cannabis, while some non-tobacco smokers claim that tobacco destroys the cannabis high. 
Some smokers also avoid mixing cannabis with tobacco for fear of becoming addicted to tobacco. 
Some believe that heating the tobacco before use gets rid of any nicotine and other unhealthy substances. 
Joint Task Force Guantanamo
Other parties insist that the detainees be granted full prisoner of war rights and privileges listed in the Geneva Convention. 
Joint Task Force Guantanamo
The status of these detainees is hotly disputed. 
The U.S. calls them enemy combatants, as their status was not recognized under the Geneva Conventions (due to not being affiliated with any government, being alleged members of Al Qaida or groups affiliated with them). 
On June 29, 2006, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that they had the minimal protection of Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions.
Joseph-Charles Taché
Taché practised medicine in Rimouski, and, at the age of 27, he was unopposed for a seat in the Legislative Assembly.
His activity in politics led him into the newspaper business as a writer renowned for his caustic political wit.
He enjoyed great popularity in this area as a writer and editor until 1859 when he left 'Le Courrier du Canada' to pursue other writing full time. 
He returned to public life in 1864 as a senior civil servant in Ottawa for 24 years where he produced a lasting legacy of achievements in literary, cultural, scientific and political areas.
Juan Williams
Williams participated in a 2007 conversation with Fox's Bill O'Reilly in which O'Reilly made comments criticized as racist. 
Williams defended the comments as sarcastic and taken out of context.
In an article published in Time Magazine titled, "What Bill O'Reilly Really Told Me", Williams revealed Bill O'Reilly's true intent to charge pop culture, rather than African American culture, for negatively affecting African American youth.
Juche
Human rights monitoring organizations and political analysts in several parts of the world continually report that the actual situation in North Korea bears no resemblance to Juche theory. 
The country's economy has depended heavily on imports and foreign aid before and after the collapse of the Communist trading bloc.
They also claim that the opinions of the people have no actual weight in decision-making, which is under Kim Jong-il's autocratic control. 
Leading Juche theorist Hwang Jang-yop has joined these criticisms since defecting to South Korea, although he maintains his belief in the Juche Idea as he understands it.
Political scientist Han S. Park in his book 'Juche: The Politics of Unconventional Wisdom' (2002) and theologian Thomas J. Belke in 'Juche: A Christian Study of North Korea's State Religion' (1999) liken Juche to a religious movement.
Jung Chang
In addition to achieving high sales and being placed on bestsellers' lists, 'Mao: The Unknown Story' received largely positive reviews in the newspapers and the general media, most of whom were not specialists on China. 
Some of the world's leading China experts have criticised the book, and some of the world's most eminent scholars of modern Chinese history have said that it is a "gross distortion of the records". 
KVMX
'KVMX' is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland, Oregon area and broadcasts at 107.5 FM.
The transmitter is located in Portland's west hills; the studio is in downtown Portland; the license location of Banks, Oregon is likely due to technicalities of the frequency's licensing history. 
Kaaba
Like Jews, the earliest Muslims prayed facing Jerusalem.
According to Islamic tradition, when Muhammad was praying in the Al-Qiblatain mosque (in Medina), he was ordered by God to change the qibla direction from Jerusalem to Mecca and the Kaaba.
Various theories are advanced as to the reason for the change, and most historians find it was the reluctance of the Jews of Medina to convert to his religion that prompted the move. 
Kaaba
Many accounts , including Muslim accounts , and some accounts written by academic historians , stress the power and importance of the pre-Islamic Mecca. 
They depict it as a city grown rich on the proceeds of the spice trade. 
Crone believes that this is an exaggeration and that Mecca may only have been an outpost trading with nomads for leather, cloth, and camel butter.
Crone argues that if Mecca had been a well-known center of trade, it would have been mentioned by later authors such as Procopius, Nonnosus, and the Syrian church chroniclers writing in Syriac.
However, the town is absent from any geographies or histories written in the last three centuries before the rise of Islam.
Khazars
DNA evidence
Modern DNA studies on the Y chromosome of Jews worldwide have largely discredited the Khazar origin theory. 
King's College, Auckland
'King's College' is an independent secondary school in New Zealand, and is considered to be one of the most prestigious schools in the country. 
It was originally a boys-only school but now also admits girls in the sixth and seventh forms (Years 12 and 13).
The school has strong links to the Anglican church; the Anglican Bishop of Auckland and the Dean of Auckland are permanent members of the school's Board Of Governors.
The school caters for both boarding and day students.
Larry King Live
King is frequently accused of Infotainment, "soft-ball" questions, and pandering to sensationalist news stories; for instance, the death of Anna Nicole Smith had taken up most of King's shows since the event, causing the cancellation of numerous guests and interviews that were already scheduled. 
Larry Seidlin
As judge during the Anna Nicole Smith body custody hearing.
Judge Seidlin was involved in some controversial actions, such as making one-liners and other attempts at humor which some who know him said is normal for him, but led many to speculate that his actions and comments were for the cameras in the courtroom and were made as an attempt to secure a courtroom television show similar to Judge Judy's. 
The judgment was given in what some have viewed as an overly theatrical style, with the Judge weeping and fumbling his words, though others close to him have said that his courtroom conduct was genuine. 
Lawrence Summers
After the Harvard Corporation accepted Summers' resignation, hundreds of millions in pledged contributions were canceled by donors who were disappointed by the Harvard Corporation's failure to stand up to the college faculty.
Harvard college alumni, as well as students and faculty at Harvard University's professional schools (in particular Harvard Law School and Harvard Business School), and other large donors generally supported Summers.
Summers' dismissal was viewed by many as an indicator that the humanities faculty at the College had power that was disproportionately large relative to their contributions to the University, and that they would seek to use their entrenched position as tenured faculty to block curricular reforms, championed by Summers, that would place greater emphasis on math and science. 
Lee Myung-bak
On May 10, 2007, Lee officially declared his intention to run for the Grand National Party as its presidential candidate.
On Monday, August 20, he defeated Park Geun-hye in the GNP's primary to become its nominee for the 2007 Presidential election.
During the primary, Lee was accused of profiting from real estate speculation from land that he owned in Dogok, a highly expensive district in Seoul. 
Leptoprin
'Leptoprin' is a dietary supplement marketed by "A.G. Waterhouse", a child company of Basic Research; Salt Lake City, Utah.
It was formerly known as Anorex (see anorexia). 
Liang Wenbo
'Liang Wenbo' (; born 25 March 1987, Heilongjiang, China) is a professional snooker player.
For the 2007-2008 season, he is provisionally ranked 52nd in the world.
He is left-handed and regarded as one of the most promising Asian snooker prospects. 
We was an individual silver medallist and team co-winner of the snooker gold medal at the Cue sports at the 2006 Asian Games.
Lincoln Logs
A sawmill made from Lincoln Logs.
'Lincoln Logs' are a toy consisting of notched miniature logs, about 3 inches (1-2 cm) in diameter.
Analogous to real logs used in a log cabin, Lincoln Logs have notches in their ends so that small model log buildings can be built.
In addition, a Lincoln Logs set has windows and doors to make the buildings more realistic.
More modern sets also come with figures of humans and animals that match the scale of the buildings. 
The sets evoke the history of the American frontier, with such sets as the 'Pony Express' or the 'Conestoga Homestead'.
Literacy
Many policy analysts consider literacy rates a crucial measure of a region's human capital. 
This claim is made on the grounds that literate people can be trained less expensively than illiterate people, generally have a higher socio-economic status and enjoy better health and employment prospects.
Policy makers also argue that literacy increases job opportunities and access to higher education.
In Kerala, India, for example, female and child mortality rates declined dramatically in the 1960s, when girls who were educated in the education reforms after 1948 began to raise families.
Recent researchers , however, argue that correlations such as the one listed above may have more to do with the overall effects of schooling rather than literacy alone. 
In addition to the potential for literacy to increase wealth, wealth may promote literacy, through cultural norms and easier access to schools and tutoring services. 
London mayoral election, 2008
Brian Haw Brian Haw has since 2001 staged a protest in Parliament Square.
He has featured on numerous tv and radio interviews and was also featured in a number of documentaries such as Terrorstorm, Taking Liberties and The Trial of Tony Blair.
Brian is an independant who has a large amount of popular support. 
He was voted the most inspiring political figure of 2006 by channel 4 viewers by a huge margin ahead of both Tony Blair and David Cameron. 
A recreation of his protest called "State Britain" was recently awarded the Turner Prize after being recreated by artist Mark Wallinger.
James Whale
In October 2006, UKIP announced that talkSPORT presenter James Whale may stand against Ken Livingstone in the 2008 election.
Party leader Nigel Farage said that Whale "not only has guts, but an understanding of what real people think".
The Radio Authority has told Whale that becoming Mayor would prevent him from continuing his radio show.
Whale subsequently stated on his programme that he would not be the UKIP candidate, but he has not ruled out standing for election.
UKIP have since picked another candidate.
Loopline Bridge
100 years later, the visage of the bridge remains the subject of some debate. 
Already arguably less attractive than some of Dublin's other bridges, the façades of the Loopline have been used by Iarnród Éireann for billboard advertising. 
As of 2006, the company has scaled back the bridge's use for this purpose to reduce impact on the city skyline, following input from An Bord Pleanála and Dublin City Council.
Loopline Bridge
During original planning and construction (in the late 19th century) the project was subject to much opposition and controversy, because the structure blocks the view down river to the The Custom House.
However, the bridge was deemed absolutely necessary as a rail link between north and south Dublin, and to facilitate the movement of transatlantic mail coming from Kingstown (Dún Laoghaire) and Queenstown (Cobh). 
Low-carbohydrate diet
'Low-carbohydrate diets' or 'low-carb diets' are dietary programs that restrict carbohydrate consumption primarily for weight control.
Foods high in digestible carbohydrates are limited or replaced with foods containing a higher percentage of proteins and fats. 
Lynch v. Donnelly
Justices Brennan, Marshall, Blackmun, and Stevens dissented.
The dissenting opinion argued that the case did not pass the 'Lemon' test.
The secular display surrounding their secular purpose of celebrating of a national holiday could have been done without a clearly secular symbol that supports only one religion to the exclusion of others giving one group public approval of their views.
Even if other religious groups are allowed to included “competing efforts by religious groups to gain or maintain the support of government’ may occasion considerable civil strife’” The religious creche is also placed in a central location within the display, which makes even less of the Court’s idea that Pawtucket was just including all of the traditional images. 
The dissenting opinion also mentions that it cannot be compared to a religious display in a museum because it is not solely being considered as a piece of art but as a religious symbol as well. 
The government recognition of Christmas previously has only been to recognize the secular parts of Christmas, such as spending time with family.
Lynch v. Donnelly
The Supreme Court reversed previous rulings in a vote of 5-4, ruling that the display was not an effort to advocate a particular religious message and had "legitimate secular purposes."
Manumission
The motivations of slave owners in manumitting slaves were complex.
Three strands may be detected, though they cannot always be disentangled from each other. 
The following relates particularly to classical Greek and Roman forms.
Mario Lemieux
Some consider Lemieux to be the most dominating hockey player ever. 
Unlike Wayne Gretzky, whose greatness was due to his reading of the game and timely anticipation of players when passing (physically, Gretzky was not impressive, not being a fast skater or possessing a hard shot), Lemieux was big, strong, and skillful and was cited as often having a unique combination of the three attributes.
Lemieux was able to successfully meld grace with aggression and played with a tough streak that had other players in fear of a physical encounter with the forward who was the size of a defenseman.
Fans and other hockey players have speculated that had he been healthy for his whole career, his achievements would have been much greater. 
"Mario was the one guy that could really motivate me to push my game to another level.
I knew eventually he was going to chase me down and pull me back.
That was inevitable" -Wayne Gretzky.
Mark Driscoll
Driscoll has not published a comprehensive outline of his theological beliefs (such as a systematic theology), but his sermons, lectures, and books provide a good understanding of what he believes.
Furthermore, it can be inferred that the doctrinal statement of the church planting network he co-founded, , is a reliable overview of his beliefs. 
In summary, he has described himself as (in order of importance) "first Christian, second Evangelical, third Missional, and fourth Reformed."
Mary Anderson (stage actress)
Anderson died in England at her home in Broadway, Worcestershire in 1940.
She is thought by some to have been the model for the character of the operatic soprano, Olga Bracely, in the Lucia novels of E F Benson. 
Media bias in the United States
Thus it has been often reported in European media, including countries involved in operations in Iraq, that a large minority of American soldiers and Marines in Iraq have been able to behave irresponsibly in Iraq, causing unnecessary deaths of civilians. 
At the same time, many believe that US forces have come under little US media scrutiny, except in the most extreme cases. 
Memory
One of the main functions of sleep is thought to be to improve consolidation of information, as it can be shown that memory depends on getting sufficient sleep between training and test, and that the hippocampus replays activity from the current day while sleeping. 
Metropolitan Special
In 1967, the United States Post Office dealt a heavy blow to the B & O, cancelling most of its lucrative post office contracts. 
This train was gone before the first day of Amtrak, May 1, 1971.
Metropolitan Special
The 'Metropolitan Special' was the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's workhorse train on its route of the National Limited between New York City and St. Louis, Missouri with major station stops in Washington DC and Cincinnati, Ohio. 
The New York station was actually in Jersey City, New Jersey, with bus service to and from Manhattan.
The Metropolitan carried a large amount of mail and express, in its many baggage cars.
This train made more station stops than its more famous sister, the National Limited. 
Metrosexual
Statistics, including market research by Euro RSCG, show that the pursuit of achievement and status is not as important to men as it used to be; and neither is, to a degree, the restriction of emotions or the disconnection of sex from intimacy.
Another norm change is supported by research that claimed men "no longer find sexual freedom universally enthralling."
The most important shift in masculinity is that there is less avoidance of femininity and the "emergence of a segment of men who have embraced customs and attitudes once deemed the province of women." 
What is accepted as "masculine" has shifted considerably throughout the times, so the modern concept of how a man "should be" differs from the ideal man of previous eras. 
Some styles and behaviors that are today considered feminine were, in the past, part of the man's domain (e.g., knee britches, makeup, jewelry). 
Hence, as the concept of 'femininity' conquered more territory, 'masculinity' became more restricted.
Perhaps metrosexuality is a reaction against this shift, as some men feel too confined within the gender roles. 
It could also be considered a means of establishing greater equality between the sexes through a shift toward androgyny. 
Mexican American
However, Mexican and Hispanic communities are said to be more solid or separated than ever by an increase of "enclavism" in the late 20th century, a new form of self-segregation among non-Anglo groups, esp. in urban centers and older suburbs at the same time.
It's been said that Anglo and Mexican American communities throughout the history of the Southwestern states were like "separate worlds" as the U.S. and Mexico are separate countries, especially before the 1960s since residential segregation and discrimination became illegal. 
Michael I of Romania
In November 1947 Michael traveled to London for the wedding of the future Queen Elizabeth II, occasion during which he met Princess Anne of Bourbon-Parma, who was to become his wife.
King Michael "did not want to go back, but American and British personalities [present at the wedding] encouraged him to do so," according to "Romanian royalist circles" quoted by 'The Washington Post'. 
He returned "at the express advice of Winston Churchill," who "is said to have counseled Michael, above all things, a king must be courageous.’"
According to his own account, King Michael had no such intentions of not returning back to his country.
After his return to Romania, Michael was apparently forced to abdicate, on December 30, 1947. 
In an interview with 'The New York Times' from 2007, Michael claims he was put under pressure: “It was blackmail.
They said, 'If you don’t sign this immediately we are obliged' — why obliged I don’t know — to kill more than 1,000 students that they had in prison.”
However, in an earlier 1973 interview to the Romanian-Israeli magazine "Viata noastra," Michael stated that he had "prefered" to work as an ex-king rather than continue to sit on a permanently threatened throne, casting some doubt over his later accounts of Communist blackmail. 
Also, a report in Time magazine about Michael's negociations in early 1948 with the Romanian Communist Government over his fortunes left behind in Romania, casts similar doubts : "he had been negotiating with the Communists for the salvage of some of his Romanian properties," states Time. 
Michael Le Vell
Le Vell appeared on Challenge TV's Showbiz Darts in October 2006 and went on to win the tournament.
In his role as Kevin Webster, Le Vell earned thousands of admirers due to his shapely backside - Kev was barely ever seen wearing anything other than tight jeans - this also added to the stories of Michael being significantly larger than the average gentleman (he has boasted of a 10" asset in numerous drunken speeches).
It seems that in virtually every episode, Kev takes the opportunity to bend and stretch his cheeks in front of the camera.
Le Vell once said of the craft of autofellatio - "I taught Ron Jeremy everything he knows, but not everything I know"
He was part of Dec's boyband on Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and performed "It Only Takes A Minute" by Take That.
He featured as a contestant on the second series of Gameshow Marathon (UK game show) on which he was crowned Gameshow Marathon champion on 26 May, 2007.
He is an avid Manchester United supporter and has done opening program intros for Setanta.
His wife is the actress Janette Beverley who starred in the 80's comedy 'Sharon and Elsie' alongside Brigit Forsyth.
It is a well known fact that Le Vell once made unsuccessful sexual advances towards co-star Eileen Derbyshire (Emily Bishop). 
It is believed that Le Vell once drank co-star Bruce Jones under the table at a cast party, in what is now a legendary exchange due to the fact that both men had drunk well over 40 pints before Jones conceded defeat. 
He often frequents the American Bar in Hale on Saturday nights.
Mielikki (Forgotten Realms)
Mielikki is based on a historical Mielikki from Finnish mythology, supposedly having been active in more than one plane of existence. 
In the Second Edition 'Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting', Mielikki originally came from Earth.
This was omitted from the Third Edition 'Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting'.
Militarism
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries political and military leaders reformed the US federal government to establish a stronger central government than had ever previously existed for the purpose of enabling the nation to pursue an imperial policy in the Pacific and in the Caribbean and economic militarism to support the development of the new industrial economy. 
This reform was the result of a conflict between Neo-Hamiltonian Republicans and Jeffersonian-Jacksonian advocates over the proper administration of the state and direction of its foreign policy--between proponents of professionalism based on business management organizations and fuller local control by available figures-including amateurs.
Mimic Octopus
No one knows just how these octopuses got their special talent. 
Some researchers think that their ability to mimic is genetic or the product of a long evolution. 
It is possible that octopuses that patterned themselves or moved in a way that looked like a poisonous animal were the ones that lived and other octopuses were eaten, according to Mark Norman. 
If this is true, over thousands of years only good impersonators would survive, encouraging the evolution of mimicry.
It would be hard to believe that this octopus just watches passing creatures and practices impersonating them, but no one can say for sure because there have been such few studies or observations on the Mimic Octopus. 
Others argue that the octopus's mimicry is sexually selected and that its complex behaviors are simply displays of courtship that are misinterpreted as mimicry. 
Mission America (Columbus, Ohio)
'Mission America', based in Columbus, Ohio, USA, is a Christian public policy and commentary organization founded by Linda Harvey.
The organization's major area of focus is homosexuality from a conservative Christian viewpoint, particularly as it relates to American youth.
The group is Christian in its worldview, and discusses paganism and feminist spirituality in relation to traditional Christianity.
The group also provides a range of apologetics for Christianity. 
Monsanto
One of Monsanto’s greatest success stories has been Genetically Modified soyabean (Roundup Ready soya} grown and sold in Argentina.
There are claims that its use increased soya production by 75% and increased yields by 173% over five years till 2002, giving good profitability to farmers. 
This was good news for the farmers who saw GM soya as a cash crop which had a good export potential as feed for cattle.
Therefore, Argentinean farmers relied on GM soya as their only produce.
In 2004, there were questions being raised about the actual benefits, Anti-GM soya activists claimed that the consequences of growing RR soya in Argentina included a massive exodus of small farmers from the countryside because they could no longer make a living (as they could not afford GM soya) or were driven off their land.
It also made the farmers have to buy the GM seeds every year as the seeds produced by GM crops cannot be reused.
Motion JPEG
Unlike the video formats specified in international standards such as MPEG-2 and the format specified in the JPEG still-picture coding standard, there is no document that defines a single exact format that is universally recognized as a complete specification of “Motion JPEG” for use in all contexts. 
This raises compatibility concerns about file outputs from different manufacturers. 
The format has a relatively high bit rate for the delivered quality, requiring more storage space than more modern formats for a given image quality.
Since the development of the original JPEG standard in the early 1990s, technology improvements have made intraframe compression possible.
The JPEG organization itself has developed a new design called JPEG 2000, and other types of such technology improvements can be found in the designs of H.263v2 Annex I and MPEG-4 Part 2, which use frequency-domain prediction of transform coefficient values, and in H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, which uses spatial prediction and adaptive transform block size techniques and more sophisticated entropy coding than what was practical when the first JPEG design was developed.
As a result, MJPEG is an outdated and inefficient codec, whose main advantages are low processor overhead, ease of implementation by developers using existing JPEG algorithms or libraries, and broad compatibility. 
These features are not to be undervalued, as many applications in high framerate real time image processing require a stable open-source solution that can be easily implemented with a minimal impact on the processor load. 
Where processor overhead and/or security concerns with proprietary code are more significant than bandwidth, MJPEG is clearly superior to MPEG-4. 
Mustelidae
'Mustelidae' or 'Mustelids' (from Latin 'mustela', weasel), commonly referred to as the 'weasel family', is a family of carnivorous mammals. 
The Mustelidae is a diverse family and the largest in the order Carnivora, at least partly because it has in the past been a catch-all category for many early or poorly differentiated taxa. 
Mystery (venusian artist)
'Erik von Markovik' (born 'Erik James Horvat-Markovic' on September 24 1971), better known by the stage name 'Mystery', is an innovator in the seduction community, a main character in the non-fiction book 'The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists' by Neil Strauss, is featured in the VH1 reality television series 'The Pick-up Artist' and is considered to be the most successful pickup artist in the world. 
Von Markovik's contributions to the seduction community are collected and taught as the 'Venusian Arts' by the company of the same name.
NASA Coqui
Local protest groups and environmentalists allege that the tests have caused widespread damage to the local environment, various health problems among the local population, and damaged the ozone layer, specifically through the release of the chemical bromotrifluoride into the upper atmosphere. 
They also allege that the experiments were a covert military project connected to the development of new weapons and surveillance techniques. 
NASA denies these claims, for which there is no supporting evidence.
NaturallySpeaking
Initially, accurate transcription rates of 85-90% are to be reasonably expected. 
An expert NaturallySpeaking user can expect 98-99% recognition accuracy.
New World Order (conspiracy theory)
Some believe that Zionists (or, alternatively, Israel and pro-Israel lobbying in the US) are the primary force behind the conspiracy. 
They assert the establishment of the New World Order is being engineered by Neo-Conservatives to provide support for Israel and they point out that many Neo-Conservative leaders are hawkish Zionists and some of them have worked as advisors to the government of Israel.
Claims have been made that the primary reason that the Iraq War was fought is that the Zionists thought that Saddam Hussein was a threat to Israel that needed to be removed. 
Some claim that it is difficult for people to find out the truth about the conspiracy because, mass media outlets are predominantly owned by a few corporate executives who have the same goal. 
Allegedly these individuals in control of mass media are all Zionists or supporters of them: Jonathan Miller (Chair/CEO) of AOL in Time Warner; Michael Eisner (CEO) of The Walt Disney Company; Reinhard Mohn owner of Bertelsmann media worldwide; Murray Rothstien (Head) of MTV in Viacom; Rupert Murdoch (Founder) of News Corporation; Jean-Bernard Lévy (Chairman/CEO) of Vivendi Universal. 
When accused of racism or antisemitism, some of those theorists argue that Zionism is racist and hateful ideologies of ethnic supremacy. 
New World Order (conspiracy theory)
Many believe the idea of the "new world order" originated in the early 1900s with Cecil Rhodes, who advocated that the British Empire and the United States should jointly impose a Federal World Government (with English as the official language) to bring about lasting world "peace". 
In order to facilitate this, Rhodes founded the Rhodes Scholarship as a global brotherhood of future leaders.
Lionel Curtis, who also believed in this idea, founded the Rhodes-Milner Round Table Groups in 1909, which led to the establishment of the British-based Royal Institute for International Affairs in 1919 and the U.S.-based Council on Foreign Relations in 1920.
The concept was further developed by Edward M. House, a close advisor to Woodrow Wilson during the negotiations to set up the League of Nations (it is unclear whether it was House or Wilson who invented the actual phrase).
Another important influence was the futurist H.G. Wells, a vigorous advocate for world government.
New World Order (conspiracy theory)
Some say the New World Order is being implemented gradually, citing the foundation of the Federal Reserve bank; American Imperialism and economic Colonialism, the formation of the United Nations; the formation of the World Health Organization, the World Bank and the World Trade Organization; the formation of the European Union and the Euro currency; the formations of the North American Union and the Amero currency, the Middle East Free Trade Area, the African Union, and the various Middle East peace processes as major milestones. 
Nobel Prize controversies
Yasser Arafat, Shimon Peres, and Yitzhak Rabin were winners of the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize.
Arafat was regarded by critics as a terrorist leader for many years. 
His critics often described him as an unrepentant terrorist with a long legacy of promoting violence. 
Kare Kristiansen, a Norwegian member of the Nobel Committee, resigned in 1994 in protest at the awarding of a Nobel Peace Prize to Yasser Arafat, whom he labeled a "terrorist".
Rabin, while in the Israeli military, had ordered the expulsion of Arabs, from areas captured by Israel during the 1948 War.
He had also been responsible for the aggressive Israeli crackdown of the First Intifada while Defense Minister. 
Rabin also continued to authorize the construction of settlements in the occupied territories despite the peace agreement.
Peres was later blamed for the Qana Massacre. 
Nobel Prize controversies
President Theodore Roosevelt—the 26th President of the United States—received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1905 for helping negotiate an end to the Russo-Japanese War.
However, he played a role in the suppression of a revolt in the Philippines.
Cordell Hull was awarded the Nobel Prize in Peace in 1945 in recognition of his efforts for peace and understanding in the Western Hemisphere, his trade agreements, and his work to establish the United Nations.
Hull was Franklin Delano Roosevelt's Secretary of State during the SS St. Louis Crisis.
The St. Louis sailed out of Hamburg into the Atlantic Ocean in the summer of 1939 carrying over 950 Jewish refugees, mostly wealthy , seeking asylum from Nazi persecution just before World War II. 
The ship's voyage caused great controversy in the United States: Initially President of the United States Franklin Delano Roosevelt showed modest willingness to take in some of those on board , but vehement opposition by Hull and from Southern Democrats— some of whom went so far as to threaten to withhold their support of Roosevelt in the 1940 Presidential election if this occurred. 
On 4 June 1939 Roosevelt issued an order to deny entry to the ship, which was waiting in the Caribbean Sea between Florida and Cuba.
The passengers began negotiations with the Cuban government, but those broke down at the last minute.
Forced to return to Europe, many of its passengers died in Nazi concentration camps. 
Nobel Prize controversies
Yasser Arafat, Shimon Peres, and Yitzhak Rabin were winners of the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize.
Arafat was regarded by critics as a terrorist leader for many years. 
Kare Kristiansen, a Norwegian member of the Nobel Committee, resigned in 1994 in protest at the awarding of a Nobel Peace Prize to Yasser Arafat, whom he labeled a "terrorist".
Rabin, while in the Israeli military, had ordered the expulsion of Arabs, from areas captured by Israel during the 1948 War.
He had also been responsible for the aggressive Israeli crackdown of the First Intifada while Defense Minister. 
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug
The clinical ramifications and knowledge of COX isozymes are rapidly expanding and may offer significant hope for future treatments of pain, inflammation, and fever. 
North American Free Trade Agreement
Bodies of scholarship in fields such as American, ethnic, Chicano/a, and globalization studies have examined the proliferation of human rights abuses in maquiladoras along the U.S.-Mexico border in connection with the ratification of NAFTA. 
In the period from then to 2001, upwards of 300 women have been murdered, some brutally violated and their bodies mutilated, some 400 have disappeared, and others have been tortured in connection with the maquiladoras and to maximize the productivity of the labor force, primarily in the vicinity of the border city of Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, across the border from El Paso, Texas. 
Chicana feminist scholars including Rosalinda Fregoso link such activities and policies to a phenomenon they call 'feminicide'.
Their critique is much broader than NAFTA itself and encompasses economic patriarchy and globalization; the premise for the connection between NAFTA and the recent exacerbation of these human rights abuses is based on Mexico's entry into the global, neoliberal economy enacted by NAFTA.
Novell
On May 14 2007, Microsoft licensing chief Horacio Gutierrez said on Fortune that Linux and associated free software violated 235 patents owned by Microsoft.
Some thought that Microsoft wanted to make other open-source software vendors follow Novell’s lead. 
However, by this move, it has been commented that this '"ended any illusion that Microsoft planned to try to build bridges with the open-source community."' 
Novell
On 2006-11-02, Novell and Microsoft announced a joint patent agreement to cover their respective products.
They also promised to work more closely together, in order to improve their software’s ability to work with other software, setting up a joint research facility to do this.
Leaders from both companies purportedly hope this will lead to better compatibility between Microsoft Office and OpenOffice.org and better virtualization techniques. 
Nuclear Football
The Nuclear Football functions as the primary "trigger" for the United States nuclear arsenal.
According to experts , if the president, who is commander-in-chief, decided to order the use of nuclear weapons, he would be taken aside and the aide would open the briefcase. 
At that point, the aide and the president would review the attack options and decide upon a plan, such as a single cruise missile or a large ICBM launch. 
Next, using the SATCOM radio, the aide would make contact with the National Military Command Center or, in a post-first-strike situation, an airborne command-post plane ( likely a Boeing E-4B). 
Before the order would be processed by the military, the president must positively identify himself or herself by using a special code issued to him on a plastic card, nicknamed the "biscuit." 
Once all the codes had been verified, the military would issue attack orders to the proper units. 
The Football is carried by one of the rotating presidential military aides (one from each of the five service branches), who occasionally is physically attached to the briefcase.
This person is a commissioned officer in the U.S. military, pay-grade O-4 or above, who has undergone the nation's most rigorous background check (Yankee White).
These officers, who are armed, are required to keep the Football within ready access of the president at all times.
Consequently, an aide, Football in hand, is always either standing or walking near the president or riding in Air Force One, Marine One, or the presidential motorcade with the president.
Objections to evolution
Many creationists (for example Henry M. Morris), however, have claimed that evolution is unfalsifiable.
They claim that any fact can be fit into the evolutionary framework, and therefore it is impossible to demonstrate evolution is wrong.
Others claim evolution is unfalsifiable in large part because, like theories such as gravitation, evolution is so widely confirmed , and so foundational , that the likelihood of any evidence disproving it wholesale (as opposed to merely refining it) has become increasingly improbable and difficult to the point of virtual impossibility. 
Others claim that past events of speciation are not observable and repeatable, and therefore evolution is not falsifiable. 
In 1976, Popper himself said that "Darwinism is not a testable scientific theory but a metaphysical research programme".
However, Popper later recanted, stating that that natural selection is falsifiable and offered a more nuanced view of its status:
October Crisis
Military cordon in support of police taking surrender of terrorist.
The 'October Crisis' was a series of dramatic events triggered by two terrorist kidnappings of government officials by members of the Front de libération du Québec in the province of Quebec, Canada, in October 1970, which ultimately resulted in a brief invocation of the War Measures Act by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau and the deployment of the national army in Quebec and in the national capital Ottawa. 
Oil reserves
'Possible Reserves' - i.e., "having a chance of being developed under favourable circumstances".
Some industry specialists refer to this as P10, i.e., ideally having a 10% certainty of being produced in the foreseeable future. 
This is also known in the industry as 3P or Proven plus probable plus possible.
Oil reserves
Proven, probable and possible reserves are the three most common categories of reserves used in the oil industry.
They are intended to represent the probability that a reserve exists based on the geologic and engineering data and interpretation for a given location, though many governments refuse to disclose verifying data to support their claims. 
'Proven Reserves' - defined as oil and gas "Reasonably Certain" to be producible using current technology at current prices, with current commercial terms and government consent, also known in the industry as 1P.
Some industry specialists refer to this as P90, i.e., ideally having a 90% certainty of being produced. 
Proven reserves are further subdivided into "Proven Developed" (PD) and "Proven Undeveloped" (PUD).
PD reserves are reserves that can be produced with existing wells and perforations, or from additional reservoirs where minimal additional investment (operating expense) is required.
PUD reserves require additional capital investment (drilling new wells, installing gas compression, etc.) to bring the oil and gas to the surface.
'Probable Reserves' - defined as oil and gas "Reasonably Probable" of being produced using current or likely technology at current prices, with current commercial terms and government consent.
Some Industry specialists refer to this as P50, i.e., ideally having a 50% certainty of being produced. 
This is also known in the industry as 2P or Proven plus probable.
Oil reserves
An oil well in Canada.
Canada has the world's second largest proven oil reserves.
Peak Graph showing oil production has peaked in non-OPEC and non-FSU countries
Countries with largest oil reserves
'Oil reserves' refer to portions of oil in place that are claimed to be recoverable under current economic constraints. 
Oil reserves
Oil reserve estimates are ideally } a measure of geological and economic risk — of the probability of oil existing and being producible under current economic conditions using current technology. 
The international authority for reserves definitions is generally the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission demands that oil companies with exchange listed stock adopt reserves accounting standards that are consistent with common industry practice.
However these standards are based on historical production practices and are not always meaningful in dealing with deep-water and non-conventional oil fields that are becoming the source of more and more of the world's oil production.
In addition, many of the world's largest oil-producing countries do not follow normal industry standards in estimating their oil reserves and do not publish any data which would allow their estimates to be verified. 
Oil reserves
Oil in the ground is not a "reserve" unless it is claimed to be economically recoverable, since as the oil is extracted, the cost of recovery increases incrementally as the amount of oil remaining is reduced. 
The recovery factor (RF) is the percentage of oil in place which is expected to be economically recoverable under a given set of conditions. 
Oleg Maskaev
Oleg is known for his powerful punch in his right hand, he has knocked out former WBO Heavyweight challenger Derrick Jefferson, contender Alex Stewart, former WBC Heavyweight champion Hasim Rahman (twice) and Toakipa Tasefa, among others. 
He is the only one to stop the durable clubfighter Robert Hawkins and also knocked out resilient Jeff Wooden in three rounds.
One-China policy
The 'One-China policy' is a principle that there is one China and that mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan are all part of that 'China'.
The acceptance or rejection of this principle is a major factor in relations between the People's Republic of China (PRC), which governs mainland China, Hong Kong, and Macau, and the Republic of China (ROC), which governs Taiwan. 
One-state solution
The 'binational solution', also known as the 'One-State Solution', is a proposed resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
Though hotly debated in academic circles , it has been eclipsed by the two-state solution, most recently agreed on at the November 2007 Annapolis Conference. 
Operation Grand Slam
'Operation Grand Slam' is virtually synonymous with the 1965 Indo-Pakistani War. 
It refers to an audacious plan drawn up by the Pakistani Army, in May 1965, to attack the vital Akhnoor Bridge in Jammu and Kashmir, which was not only the lifeline of an entire infantry division in Jammu and Kashmir but could also be used to threaten Jammu, an important logistical point for Indian forces.
The operation ended in a failure for Pakistan Army as the stated military objectives were not achieved and subsequently were forced to retreat following a counter attack by the Indian Army.
Orhan Pamuk
In Turkey, the award of the Nobel Prize has given a new slant to discussion of his allegedly "anti-Turkish" comments, and some people in Turkey believe that he was given the Nobel Prize for being anti-Turkish and not for his writing. 
Overture
The notion of an overture was formulated during the 17th century.
The toccata at the beginning of Monteverdi's 'L'Orfeo' (1607) is a flourish of every procurable instrument (in some modern performaces, at least), and, insofar as this constitutes an instrumental movement prefixed to an opera, it may be called an overture. 
Such short introductions are often titled "symphonia" as in J. S. Bach's cantatas.
Ozone therapy
Therapeutic use of ozone is not endorsed by health authorities or medical associations in any English speaking countries, and most US states prohibit the marketing of ozone generators, its medical use, and even research and clinical trials of ozone therapy, so that doctors risk losing their medical licenses by administering or prescribing ozone therapies.
Which has been argued encourages its practice by quacks and charlatans or self administration. 
Under such circumstances the image of ozone therapy has suffered as it has on occasion been resorted to by people with incurable diseases after conventional medicine has failed them, not always with fortunate results.
However there is anecdotal evidence of ozone therapy having caused remission in a variety of diseases, but only a few of these life saving administrations of ozone therapy can be verified. 
Paddy Ashdown
After leaving the Marines, he worked for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, in industry, and as a youth worker before being elected Liberal Member of Parliament for Yeovil in United Kingdom general election, 1983.
It has been suggested that Ashdown worked for MI6 while a diplomat in Geneva in the 1970s, but he has publicly denied this. 
Panama Canal
The United States, under Theodore Roosevelt, bought out the French equipment and excavations, and began work on May 4, 1904, after helping Panama achieve independence from Colombia.
In exchange for U.S. help in separating Panama from Colombia and setting it up as a independent nation, Panama would give the United States control of the Panama Canal Zone.
A significant investment was made in eliminating disease from the area, particularly yellow fever and malaria, the causes of which had recently been discovered (see Health measures during the construction of the Panama Canal). 
With the diseases under control, and after significant work on preparing the infrastructure, construction of an elevated canal with locks began in earnest. 
The Americans also gradually replaced the old French equipment with machinery designed for a larger scale of work, quickening the pace of construction.
President Roosevelt had the former French machinery minted into pins for all workers who spent at least two years on the construction to commemorate their contribution to the building of the canal.
Passive solar building design
Although some passive solar methods can be scientifically complex, they all share the same principles of Physics and heat transfer. 
Constructing a passive solar building is not difficult, but it is very different than conventional building design and careless construction.
The DESIGN of a state-of-the-art passive solar building is scientifically complex, and not well understood by the majority. 
Passive solar building design
Arguably the most comprehensive modern compilation of information on this subject is the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). 
The popular '"Three Decades of Passive Solar Heating and COOLING Lessons Learned"' DOE/ORNL Workshop materials include an 800-page eBook, 500 presentation slides, and related support materials.
(A significant portion of this Wikipedia article is from the uncopyrighted, public-domain overview highlights of the 2007 DOE/ORNL Passive Solar Workshop.)
Passive solar building design
Some uninformed designers have erroneously tried to bring daylight into a room with skylights. 
In mathemathical models, skylights cost far more money year-round than the value of the electricity they save for electric lights in the daytime.
Patrick McCrory
McCrory has been active in the areas of public safety, economic development, housing and transportation.
He has also been a proponent of public transportation.
He has been nationally recognized for his support in developing Charlotte’s 25-year transportation and land-use plan.
Most people would consider Pat McCrory to be right of center. 
Although many conservatives consider McCrory more of a centrist, McCrory has vetoed more proposals by the Democratic majority in the City council than any Mayor in Charlotte history. 
He has worked with both the Democratic majority on the city council and the Republicans at times.
Recently he had a major disagreement with the Democrats on the council over a 9% property tax increase.
He vetoed the tax increase by the Democrats only to have it overridden by the overwhelmingly Democratic majority.
Many liberal interest groups do not think McCrory gives enough attention to public arts and would like city money to be spent on more public art projects which McCrory has not always supported. 
Some local Republicans refer to Pat McCrory as a Republican In Name Only or RINO and consider his positions on public policy "to be in line with liberal interests in downtown Charlotte." 
Pepsi Max
The product remained unavailable in the United States until only recently (The U.S is PepsiCo's native market, and the largest consumer of carbonated soft drinks), where one of its principal ingredients had not yet been approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
The ingredient in question-acesulfame potassium-is combined with aspartame to provide the beverage's sweetness.
Some people claim that this results in a better taste than that of other diet colas ( most of which are sweetened with aspartame alone). 
Peugeot 107
The 107 comes in four trim levels:
Pioneer Corporation
Pioneer Elite produces electronics that are usually higher in price and quality.
Pioneer Elite branded electronics usually have the Urishi finish, which is a gloss black finish.: 
Pioneer Elite products include Laserdisc players, CD players, DVD players, plasma computer monitors and televisions, and rear-projection televisions.
Pioneer Elite debuted their first Blu-Ray Disc player, the BDP-HD1.
Pioneer released the first 1080p plasma display, the PRO-FHD1.:
Pioneer has recently released the Kuro line of plasma displays, that the company claims have the best black levels of any flat panel display.
Kuro means black in Japanese.
Pioneer Corporation
Pioneer helped to innovate interactive cable TV, the Laser Disc player, the first automotive Compact Disc player, the first detachable face car stereo, their Supertuner technology, DVD and DVD recording, plasma display, and Organic LED display (OLED).
The company's works with optical disc and display technology and software products and is also a manufacturer.
Pizza delivery
An Oldsmobile Alero being used to deliver a pizza.
Note the sign on the car's roof.
Pizzerias, such as Canada's Pizza Pizza chain, will incorporate a time guarantee or a promise delivery within a predetermined period of time, perhaps specifying that late deliveries will be free of charge. 
"Pizza Pizza's Guarantee."
For example, Domino's Pizza had a commercial campaign in the 1980s and early 1990s promising, "30 minutes or it's free."
This practice was discontinued in 1993 due to a number of lawsuits arising from accidents caused by hurried delivery drivers.
"Jury award spurs Domino's to drop deadily policy."
Now, pizzerias will commonly state to the customer an approximate time frame for a delivery, without making any guarantees as to the actual delivery time. 
Political integration of India
Mountbatten stressed that he would act as the trustee of the princes' commitment, as he would be serving as India's head of state well into 1948.
He engaged in a personal dialogue with reluctant princes, such as the Nawab of Bhopal, who he asked through a confidential letter to sign the Instrument of Accession making Bhopal part of India, which Mountbatten would keep locked up in his safe.
It would be handed to the States Department on August 15 only if the Nawab did not change his mind before then, which he was free to do.
The Nawab agreed, and did not renege over the deal.
Mountbatten's actions were controversial at the time. 
Several princes complained that they were being betrayed by Britain, who they regarded as an ally, and Sir Conrad Corfield resigned his position as head of the Political Department in protest. 
Mountbatten's policy was criticised by the opposition Conservative Party.
Churchill compared the language used by the Indian government with that used by Hitler before the invasion of Austria.
In general , however, historians see Mountbatten as having played a crucial role in ensuring that the princely states agreed to accede to India.; 
Politics of Bill O'Reilly
American commentator 'Bill O'Reilly' regularly expresses his point of view on a wide variety of political, social, and moral issues. 
The 'The O'Reilly Factor', since its inception on the Fox News Channel in 1996, has been the primary outlet of his opinions. 
He would later start his own radio program The Radio Factor a few years later.
O'Reilly has also written several non-fiction books detailing some of his beliefs.
Polygamy
Some people define the term 'polyamory' as referring to romantic or sexual relationships involving multiple partners at once, regardless of whether they involve marriage. 
Any polygamous relationship is polyamorous, and some polyamorous relationships involve multiple spouses.
"Polygamy" is usually used to refer to multiple marriage, while "polyamory" implies a relationship defined by negotiation between its members rather than cultural norms.
Polyphonie X
The piece is generally considered the nadir of Boulez's total serial period (the apex being Structures, book 1 of 1951–52). 
Its premiere during the 1951 Donaueschingen Festival caused a scandal, with one half of the audience shouting and imitating animal noises, while the other half responded with applause and bravos.
Populism
'Populism' is the use of discourses, ideas or policies which try to appeal to "the people" by setting up a dichotomy between "the people" and "the elite".
This populist appeal to "the people" has often been associated with an emotional appeal to identities, including national, class, ethnic and regional ones.
Populism may involve either a political philosophy urging social and political system changes - as used by various populist parties - and/or a rhetorical style, deployed by members of the political class competing for advantage within the existing regime.
Today the term "populism" is often used , especially outside academia, as a vague, frequently pejorative description, whether to describe vote-grabbing measures and rhetoric used by mainstream parties or in connection with new right-wing nationalist movements as well as many left-wing socialist movements in Latin America. 
Positive psychology
'Positive psychology' is a relatively young branch of psychology that "studies the strengths and virtues that enable individuals and communities to thrive." 
People have been discussing the question of human happiness since at least Ancient Greece.
Post-abortion syndrome
In 1989, the American Psychological Association (APA) convened a panel of psychologists with extensive experience in this field to review the data available to determine the existence of "post-abortion syndrome". 
The panel concluded that "research with diverse samples, different measures of response, and different times of assessment have come to similar conclusions.
The time of greatest distress is likely to be before the abortion.
Severe negative reactions after abortions are rare and can best be understood in the framework of coping with normal life stress."
Post-abortion syndrome
Spanish social work researchers claim that some psychopathological characteristics are frequently observed in women who have voluntarily aborted.
These include "dreams and nightmares related with the abortion," and "feelings of guilt".
Using a cohort of 10 women, Gomez, Lavin C., & Zapata examined ways to categorize PAS under the assumption that it exists and that it is related to Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. 
Principle of least privilege
These limitations make least privilege substantially less effective than the enforcement or the precise set of least privileges would suggest.
That is not to suggest one shouldn't try, it does help.
The point is that analysis and enforcement of least privilege is more involved than it first appears and we should not assume too much about its effectiveness. 
Private university
Private university system in Bangladesh started in 1992 and all the private universities in Bangladesh are established under the 'Private University Act 1992'.
During the early 90's government as well as the civil society of Bangladesh felt that existing public universities are not sufficient to meet the constantly increasing high demand of higher education in Bangladesh.
Moreover, to maintain the quality education most of the reputed public universities kept themselves extremely selective and each year a large number of students failed to get admitted into the higher educational institutions. 
All those issues leaded them to permit private sectors to establish universities.
On 9 August, 1992, the Private University Act was passed and with in the next few years a good number of private universities were established in Dhaka, Chittagong, Rajshahi and Sylhet.
North South University (1992) was the first private university in Bangladesh.
Independent University, Bangladesh (1993), American International University - Bangladesh (1994), Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology(1995), East West University(1996) are some earliest private universities of the country.
The University Grant Commission is the monitoring body for all the private and public universities in Bangladesh.
Probe Ministries
Probe Ministries seeks to maintain humility in its positions on controversial issues: it is "agnostic" on the age of the earth; complementarian in its belief that the Bible supports male leadership in the church and in the family: Should Women Be Pastors? What Does It Mean for a Wife to Submit? 
Property tax
'Property tax', 'millage tax' is an ad valorem tax that an owner of real estate or other property pays on the value of the property being taxed.
There are three species or types of property: Land, Improvements to Land (immovable man made things), and Personalty (movable man made things).
Real estate, real property or realty are all terms for the combination of land and improvements.
The taxing authority requires and/or performs an appraisal of the monetary value of the property, and tax is assessed in proportion to that value. 
Forms of property tax used vary between countries and jurisdictions. 
Proposals for a Palestinian state
Insistence by some Palestinians that all Jewish communities within the territories to be part of a Palestinian state be removed. 
This includes ancient communities (Hebron), communities destroyed in 1948 and since re-established (Gush Etzion), and settlements established since 1967.
The Palestinian position on the Jews of the Old City of Jerusalem is unclear.
Proposals for a Palestinian state
Left-wing Israelis are open to compromise on the issue, by means such as the monetary reparations and family reunification initiatives offered by Ehud Barak at the Camp David 2000 summit.
However, the majority of Israelis find a comprehensive right of return for Palestinian refugees to be unacceptable. 
The HonestReporting organization listed the following grounds for this opposition: Palestinian flight from Israel was not compelled, but voluntary.
After seven Arab nations declared war on Israel in 1948, many Arab leaders encouraged Palestinians to flee, in order to make it easier to rout the Jewish state. 
This point, however, is a matter of some contention.
Certain actions on the part of Jewish militias were considered to provoke Palestinians to leave Israel.
Eye witness accounts from Ain al-Zeitoum and Er-Rama, for example, record that the Palmach assembled all of their residents following the villages' surrender.
The Jewish militia then demanded that all Muslim residents depart for Lebanon, and leave their possessions behind, under pain of death.
Still, such cases were relatively rare, and the vast majority of Palestinians fled of their own accord.
Since most Palestinians chose their status as refugees themselves, some argue that Israel is therefore absolved of responsibility. 
In fact, a 1952 memorandum submitted to the League of Arab States by the Higher Arab Committee reveals that Arab states officially agreed to take responsibility for these refugees at the height of the Palestinian exodus, until such time as Israel would be destroyed::
Arab leaders and their ministries in Arab capitals... declared that they welcomed the immigration of Palestinian Arabs into the Arab countries until they saved Palestine.
There is no legal basis to demand repatriation of Palestinian refugees and their descendents.
No international legislation, UN resolutions or agreements between Israel and the Palestinians require this.
Since none of the 900,000 Jewish refugees who fled anti-Semitic violence in the Arab world were ever compensated or repatriated by their former countries of residence—to no objection on the part of Arab leaders—a precedent has been set whereby it is the responsibility of the nation which accepts the refugees to assimilate them.
Most Israelis hold{ that the inflow of millions of poor refugees (almost none of whom were properly integrated by the surrounding Arab countries) will simply exceed the region's dwindling resources. 
Although Israel accepts the right of the Palestinian Diaspora to return into a new Palestinian state, their return into Israel would be a great danger for the stability of the Jewish state; an influx of Palestinian refugees would lead to the destruction of the state of Israel. 
Because a right of return would make Arabs the majority within Israel, this would essentially seal the fate of the Jewish state.
As Fatah explains: “To us, the refugees issue is the winning card which means the end of the Israeli state.”
Psychopathy
The difference between sociopathy and psychopathy, according to Hare, may "reflect the user's views on the origins and determinates of the disorder."
Most sociologists, criminologists and even some psychologists believe the disorder is caused by social conflicts, and thus prefer the term 'sociopath.' 
Those who believe as Hare does, that a combination of psychological, biological, genetic and environmental factors all contribute to the disorder are more likely to use the term 'psychopath'.
Psychopathy
It is thought that any emotions which the primary psychopath exhibits are the fruits of watching and mimicking other people's emotions. 
They show poor impulse control and a low tolerance for frustration and aggression.
They have no empathy, remorse, anxiety or guilt in relation to their behavior.
However, they understand that society expects them to behave in a conscientious manner, and therefore they mimic this behavior when it suits their needs.
Most research studies of psychopaths have taken place among prison populations.
This remains a limitation on its applicability to a general population.
Psychopathy
Though in widespread use, psychopathy has no precise equivalent in either the DSM-IV-TR, where it has been replaced with the diagnosis of antisocial personality disorder, or the ICD-10, where it is correlated with dissocial personality disorder.
Experts such as research psychologist Robert Hare are working toward listing psychopathy as a unique disorder.
However he has not succeeded and the term has been dropped in favor of Antisocial Personality Disorder.
However, only a minority of diagnosable psychopaths who are in institutions are violent offenders.
The manipulative skills of some of the others are valued for providing audacious leadership.
Some have argued that psychopathy is adaptive in a highly competitive environment, because it gets results for both the individual and the corporations or, often small political sects that they represent. 
However, these individuals will often cause long-term harm, both to their co-workers and the organization as a whole, due their manipulative, deceitful, abusive, and often fraudulent behaviour.
Psychopathy
Hare and others take the stance that psychopathy as a syndrome should be considered distinct from the DSM-IV's antisocial personality disorder construct, even though APD and psychopathy were intended to be equivalent in the DSM-IV. 
However, those who created the DSM-IV felt that there was too much room for subjectivity on the part of clinicians when identifying things like remorse and guilt; therefore, the DSM-IV panel decided to stick to observable behaviour, namely socially deviant behaviours.
As a result, the diagnosis of APD is something that the "majority of criminals easily meet."
Hare goes further to say that the percentage of incarcerated criminals that meet the requirements of APD is somewhere between 80 to 85 percent, whereas only about 20% of these criminals would qualify for a diagnosis of psychopath.
This twenty percent, according to Hare, accounts for 50 percent of all the most serious crimes committed, including half of all serial and repeat rapists.
According to FBI reports, 44 percent of all police officer murders in 1992 were committed by psychopaths.
Puck (sports)
Also, a free shot in hurling is a free puck.
Hockey puck bearing an early style logo of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.
It is believed that Halifax natives, many of whom were Irish and played hurley, may have introduced the word to Canada. 
The first known printed reference was in Montreal, in 1876, just a year after the first indoor game was played there.
Pun
A 'pun' (or 'paronomasia') is a phrase that deliberately exploits confusion between similar words for rhetorical effect, whether houmorous or serious. 
Purpose Driven
'Purpose Driven' is a term coined by American pastor Rick Warren to name the philosophy that focuses one structuring life, family, career, and church around five purposes which Warren identifies in scripture as having been given by Jesus Christ: to know and love God (worship), to love others (fellowship), to grow spiritually (discipleship), to serve others with your talents (ministry) and to share the Good News (evangelism).
Q (magazine)
Some critics and readers of the magazine have believed it to have lost its edge, and is now opting to play 'safe' with who and what it covers, focusing more on the popularity of the band rather than the actual music itself. 
Other controversial reviews include James Blunt's 'Back To Bedlam', Red Hot Chili Peppers 'Stadium Arcadium', and Kaiser Chiefs' 'Yours Truly, Angry Mob', all of which have been ridiculed by some press as being over produced, and made simply to please the mainstream audience. 
Other criticism comes from the magazine being "far too generous to british musicians" with it's ratings
Randy Savage
The Mega-Powers
Savage turned face later in 1987 after drawing increasingly positive reactions for his charisma, in-ring ability, and the estimable presence of Miss Elizabeth and began to feud with The Honky Tonk Man after Honky began to refer to himself as the "greatest Intercontinental Champion of all time." 
On 'Saturday Night's Main Event' in October 1987 he solidified his status as a face when Elizabeth got Hulk Hogan to save him from a beatdown by Jimmy Hart's cronies, The Honky Tonk Man and The Hart Foundation.
As a result, The Mega Powers were born.
Hogan and Savage together ruled the WWF for the next sixteen months.
In later years in the WWF, he also became known for a very open and unscripted rivalry with Hogan after Savage accused Hogan of sleeping in Elizabeth's bed during a road trip.
Savage and Elizabeth were divorced on September 18 1992.
Savage and Hogan have a strained relationship to this day.
It has been speculated that Savage punched Hogan in the face just prior to WrestleMania IX, causing Hogan to have a swollen eye during the event. 
The story was found to be untrue. 
WWE (then WWF) said that Hogan's swollen eye was due to a jet-ski accident.
Relationship between the United States and United Kingdom
In recent years there has been a divergence between the close government relations and British public opinion, and UK perceptions of the relationship have come under increasing strain. 
In the UK, the problem is perceived as a lack of reciprocity and respect by America.
There is a perception that it is a "one-way" relationship, i.e. whenever the USA requests significant assistance from the UK it is readily given, but when the UK asks the USA for help it is frequently refused, even when the request is a small one: 
Religion in the United Kingdom
The British media often portrays a cultural skepticism towards religion.
British comedy in particular has a history of satire and parody on the subject, the most iconic example probably being Monty Python film 'Life of Brian'. 
Religious mockery, or open disbelief in Christianity, is not as culturally taboo in the British media as it could be considered to be in the other nations.
Republic of Lakotah
Leading indigenous peoples of the Native American separatists argue that the recent declaration of independence is not a secession from the USA, but rather, a reassertion of sovereignty. 
Reversed map
The position of North at the top of maps is somewhat arbitrary ; indeed there are many maps with non-standard orientation, such as Medieval maps, polar maps, and Dymaxion maps. 
The convention that North is at the top (and East at the right) on most modern maps was established by the astronomer Ptolemy and was widely adopted by other cartographers.
Revolt in the Vendée
The Civil Constitution required all clerics to swear allegiance to it and by extension to the increasingly anti-clerical National Constituent Assembly.
The Vendean clergy almost universally refused to swear the oath and were replaced by clergy appointed and approved by the Revolutionary authorities, known as 'jurors', who were almost universally disliked and condemned as intruders. 
'Nonjuring' priests declared the new civic ceremonies as false and worthless; in response gangs of Republicans came from the cities into the countryside, closing and vandalizing the churches of nonjuring priests.
Right to life
Many people who support this concept define embryos and fetuses as human beings which have a right to life, and oppose embryonic stem cell research and abortion. 
Robert W. O'Donnell
'Robert W. O'Donnell' is the former Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, is widely regarded as one of the most able and gifted members to serve in the legislature. 
Royal Cambodian Army
All major armed "intervention units" - most importantly the Bodyguard Unit, the 70 Brigade, the 911 Parachute Regiment, and the Gendarmerie - are either directly or indirectly loyal to Hun Sen. 
It is reported that all remaining fixed-wing transport aircraft have been transferred to the Council of Ministers and are no longer operated by the air force. 
Three Mi-8/17s are operated under direct control of Prime Minister Hun Sen's body guard unit.
Military analysts said the Bodyguard Unit is the most important. 
It comprises about 4,000 soldiers who are said to train frequently. 
Led by General Kun Kim, the unit is based in Phnom Penh and operates in direct support of the Prime Minister.
The 70 Brigade is also based in the capital area and has around 2,000 soldiers.
Led by Mao Siphan, the unit is also perceived as directly loyal to Hun Sen. 
The 911 Parachute Regiment is based west of Phnom Penh.
The unit has historical ties to Chief of Staff Ke Kim Yan, although sources say these are now mixed. 
Finally, the Gendarmarie "Miltary Police" is a paramilitary unit with about 7,000 soldiers deployed in all provinces.
Headquartered in Phnom Penh, the unit is led by General Sao Sokha, who was one of Hun Sen's bodyguards in the 1980s.
The unit's chain of command is through the Ministry of Defense, but sources say that when push comes to shove the Prime Minister has the final say on how they are deployed, especially in crises. 
Russian culture
'Russian culture' is one that is rich and colorful.
Russians have a rich cuisine.
Russian art is considered by some to be very interesting and unique. 
Russians are also known for their sense of humour. 
Russian literature was greatly influential to world literature. 
Russians also gave the classical music world some very famous composers. 
Ryongchon disaster
The 'Ryongchon disaster' was a train disaster that occurred in the town of Ryongchon, North Korea near the border with China on April 22, 2004.
Sea Shepherd
The 'Sea Shepherd Conservation Society' is a non-profit, non-governmental, primarily maritime and self-proclaimed policing organization, and undertakes campaigns which it says are guided by the United Nations World Charter for Nature (1982) and other statutory laws protecting marine species and environments. 
The UN World Charter for Nature directs in section 21, subsections (c), (d) and (e):States and, to the extent that they are able, other public authorities, international organizations, individuals, groups and corporations shall:
Implement the applicable international legal provisions for the conservation of nature and the protection of the environment;
Ensure that activities within their jurisdictions or control do not cause damage to the natural systems located within other States or in the areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction;
Safeguard and conserve nature in areas beyond national jurisdiction.
Second Sudanese Civil War
In July 2000, the Libyan/Egyptian Joint Initiative on the Sudan was mooted, calling for the establishment of an interim government, powersharing, constitutional reform, and new elections.
Southern critics objected to the joint initiative because it neglected to address issues of the relationship between religion and the state and failed to mention the right of self-determination.
It is unclear to what extent this initiative will have a significant impact on the search for peace, as some critics view it as more aimed at a resolution among northern political parties and protecting the perceived security interests of Egypt in favour of the unity of the Sudan. 
Second Sudanese Civil War
Peace talks between the southern rebels and the government made substantial progress in 2003 and early 2004, although skirmishes in parts of the south have reportedly continued.
The two sides have agreed that, following a final peace treaty, southern Sudan will enjoy autonomy for six years, and after the expiration of that period, the people of southern Sudan will be able to vote in a referendum on independence.
Furthermore, oil revenues will be divided equally between the government and rebels during the six-year interim period.
The ability or willingness of the government to fulfill these promises has been questioned by some observers , however, and the status of three central and eastern provinces was a point of contention in the negotiations. 
Some observers wondered whether hard line elements in the north would allow the treaty to proceed. 
Self-modifying code
Some claim that use of self-modifying code is not recommended when a viable alternative exists, because such code can be difficult to understand and maintain. 
Shadowbane
'Shadowbane' is a free fantasy computer role-playing game (MMORPG) created by Wolfpack Studios and published on March 25 2003 by Ubisoft for Windows and Mac platforms.
Originally commercial and subscription-driven , 'Shadowbane' was launched in March of 2003, and was the creation of text-MUD veterans J. Todd Coleman, James Nance, Josef Hall, Patrick Blanton and Robert Marsa and a team of 45 programmers, designers and artists. 
Sherman's March to the Sea
Sherman's scorched earth policies have always been highly controversial, and Sherman's memory has long been reviled by many natives of Georgia, but slaves, many of whom left their plantations to follow his armies, welcomed him as a liberator. 
Sherman did not view himself in this same light.
He was less concerned with the liberation of the slaves than with the well-being of his men and the overall success of his campaign.
The March to the Sea is considered by many military historians to have demonstrated Sherman's superb command of military strategies, and his commitment to destroying the Confederacy's ability to wage further war may well have hastened the end of the conflict. 
Shrewsbury Sixth Form College
Recent proposals to co-locate the college with Shrewsbury College of Arts and Technology, located on the edge of the town at London Road, have met with fierce opposition.
This strong opposition is from a variety of sources, in particular the student body, parents, and many staff at SSFC.
Views held against the co-location include benefits of remaining in a central location, transport issues, town centre economic impact and merger with Shrewsbury College of Arts & Technology fears.
11 acres of the land at London Rd is already owned by the college.
It is claimed that the move would allow the college to modernise and expand the teaching facilities, update science labs and provide performance/music areas designed for purpose as well as giving vitally required sports facilities. 
All of the above is true but the opposition to co-location claim that many of the new facilities will have little, if any, improvement upon the present facilities already enjoyed. 
Vitally, students will lose use of the town facilities and some may face extra journey time and inconvenience to travel to the new site.
In 2007, a college poll found that only 3% of students at the sixth form supported the co-location.
Staff have also shown an almost unanimous opposition to the move but have now been forced to sign a gag order so that they are not able to voice their opinion to the press and have been banned from attending any of any public meetings about the co-location.
Further, Daniel Kawczynski, MP for Shrewsbury & Atcham borough, has voiced opposition to the move, and produced an article expressing his views on his website.
For anyone reading this who feels strongly against the co-location, student or not, there is going to be a 'Peaceful Protest' run by the students which will be starting at 11:30 on Friday 21st of december at the top of the Quary.
The media have been contacted and we hope for as many people to attened as possible, everyone is welcome but we make this clear, it is to be a PEACEFUL protest. 
Siberia
Some sources say that it originates from the Turkic for "sleeping land." 
Another version is that this name was the tribal name of 'Sibirs', Eurasian nomads, later assimilated to Siberian Tatars.
Dr. Pamela Kyle Crossley, a professor of history at Dartmouth College, asserts that the Russians named Siberia after the Sibe/Xibe.
Shaman Akkanat, from the Sibirga indigenous people, one of the last shamans in Western Siberia and a leading figure in the indigenous society in Western Siberia, said that Siberia got its name from his Nation, the Sibirga people.
The modern meaning of the name appeared in Russian language after the conquest of Siberia Khanate.
Silkroad Online
The frequency of these problems vary for each individual user; some users claim that they have never or rarely experienced these problems, while others claim to experience them very often. 
Also I advise anyone to stay away from Satman aka FireKing83 on Olympus. 
After meeting him you will probably be left with a gaping asshole, due to his fixation with male anus's. 
Silly Putty
One could argue that Silly Putty is the most entertaining accident that has ever happened. 
During World War II, Japan invaded rubber producing countries in order to cut off the United States supply of rubber.
It was needed in order to produce tires for vehicles, boots for solders, gas masks, rafts, and even bombers.
To help combat the lack of rubber US citizens were asked to donate any rubber around their house such as spare tires, rubber boots, and rubber rain coats.
All rubber made products were rationed and citizens had to make their products last till the end of the war.
Also in response the government asked producers to try and come up with a synthetic rubber compound.
Slaughterhouse-Five
The bombing of Dresden in World War II, which was done through firebombing, plays a large role in the novel; Vonnegut stated in the novel that the firebombing killed 135,000 German civilians, citing historian David Irving as the source; Vonnegut was referring to Irving's then-bestselling book, 'The Destruction of Dresden'.
Historians now generally think that the actual casualty figures were somewhere between 20,000 and 30,000 civilians. 
Social Security (United States)
Critics often blame social security for redistributing wealth from the poor to the wealthy. 
On their first $90,000 of income, workers must pay 12.4% of their wages (including a 6.2% employer contribution).
Workers pay no tax on income over $90,000.
Therefore, high earners pay a lower percentage of their income because this is a regressive tax.
Furthermore, wealthier individuals have higher life expectancies and may expect to receive benefits for a longer period than poorer taxpayers, often minorities. 
An single individual who dies before age 62 (more likely a poor individual) receives no retirement benefits regardless of their years of payment. 
On the other hand, an individual who lives to age 100 (more likely a wealthy individual) is guaranteed payments that are more than they paid into the system. 
Social Security (United States)
Critics of Social Security claim that it gives a low rate of return, compared to what is obtained through private retirement accounts. 
For example, critics point out that under the Social Security laws as they existed at that time, several thousand employees of Galveston County, Texas were allowed to opt out of the Social Security program in the early 1980s, and have their money placed in a private retirement plan instead. 
While employees who earned $50,000 per year would have collected $1,302 per month in Social Security benefits, the private plan paid them $6,843 per month.
While employees who earned $20,000 per year would have collected $775 per month in Social Security benefits, the private plan paid them $2,740 per month, at interest rates prevailing in 1996..
While some advocates of privatization of Social Security point to the Galveston pension plan as a model for Social Security reform, critics point to a GAO report to the House Ways and Means Committee, which indicates that, for low and middle income employees, the outcome may be less favorable. 
Soul
” The Spirit (cometh) by command of my Lord: you have but little knowledge to understand the true nature of the soul".
This little knowledge is of course in comparison to the knowledge of Allah (SWT).
However even the student of the extremely conservative Ibn Taymiyya, Ibn Qayyum called Kitab-ur-Ruh (the book of the Soul).
According to few verses from Qur'an though the following information can be deduced: In part 15 verse 29, the creation of man involves Allah "breathing" a soul into him.
This intangible part of an individual's existence is "pure" at birth - according to mystical beliefs which a majorty opinion amongst Muslim - and has the potential of growing and achieving nearness to God if the person leads a righteous life. 
(to be noted: this is a sufi perspective of the soul which is also held by a large majority of Sunni and Shia layman Muslims but which cannot be directly supported by the quranic texts or Mutawatir Ahadith except with extremely free interpretations and influence of other religions and philosophies ). 
At death the person's soul transitions to an eternal afterlife of bliss, peace and unending spiritual growth until the day of judgement where both the body and soul are re-united for judgement at which point the person is either rewarded by going to heaven if he has followed God's commands or punished if he has disobeyed Him (Qur’an 66:8, 39:20).
Soul
This view of a combination of two aspects of human existence is to be considered as an idea influenced by the Christians and the Hindus beliefs wide spread amongst the Muslim laymen, especially amongst the Sufi branch of Islam, which are not presented so in the Islamic texts. 
Briefly, the concept of soul widespread amongst the Muslims today is a mixture of Greek-Hindu-Christian beliefs and Islamic sources.
Islam itself discerns between "Ruh" and "Nafs" just like it is done in the Hebrew language.
Both "Ruh" and "Nafs" are translated into soul causing much confusion concerning the two different concepts.
There is no evidence at all that the Quran treats the soul (Ruh) as the place of feelings or thinking. 
No where in Quran it is said that the Ruh of man which is the source of life speaks to him or whispers to him but it is often said that his Nafs whispered to him.
But Nafs is not the source of life.
It is something other than the Ruh. 
But partly because of the Hellenistic influence and latter the influence of the Hindus in the Indian sub continent and under the influence of the Persians it has become more widespread amongst the Muslims that the source of life which is the Ruh is the centre of feelings and thinking with an independent entity. 
In order to understand the concept of soul amongst the laymen Muslims you would need to understand this concept from a Greek-Hindu and Christian perspective. 
When you compare it to the Islamic texts you would find out that this more widespread concept of soul is hardly traceable to the Quran itself except if you force yourself to make it seem so. 
Soul and Body
"'Soul and Body'" is one of the few surviving poems written in Old English that exists in two separate versions. 
These two versions survive in two different manuscript collections of poetry.
These two collections are known as the Vercelli Book (Soul and Body I), and the Exeter Book (Soul and Body II).
The numbers I and II refer to modern assignments to each poem to differentiate between the two different versions the sources provide us with.
Spaulding High School
Spaulding High School also boasts an impressive Drama Club, having recently performed such classics as Disney's Beauty and the Beast, The Mikado, and Into the Woods.
For thirty years, known within the school as "The Golden Age of SHS Drama", Illene Gillander masterfully directed musicals, plays, and musical revues for the SHS stage. 
In 2005, she directed her final show with the SHS Drama Club, Beauty and the Beast.
Since her departure, Tom Blachly of Marshfield has stepped into the shoes of artistic director.
Whereas Gillander was a fan of large casts, moving musicals, and well-known shows, Blachly is renowned for his love of obscure, heady, small-cast shows.
Due to controversy surrounding previous productions, Blachly's contract as Drama Coach has not been renewed for the 2007-2008 academic year.
As of August 2007, Illene Gillander returned to SHS Drama to direct the Sondheim favorite, Into the Woods.
It has been cast and has been in rehearsals since September 2007.
It premiered (to great success) on December 6th, 2007.
It is uncertain whether or not Gillander will return for a spring production. 
As of December 14th, 2007, Gillander has begun talks concerning a Spring 2008 production.
A meeting is to be held on December 19th to discuss possible shows and evaluate the feasibility of another musical production (considering the high cost of Into the Woods).
Spring Framework
However, the Spring Framework was also heavily criticized in 2004 and remains the subject of sometimes heated discussions. 
At the time of its first major release many developers and thought leaders saw the Spring Framework as a move away from the traditional programming model; this was especially true for Enterprise JavaBeans. 
One of the design goals of the Spring Framework is to easily integrate with existing J2EE standards and vendor tools.
To a large extent this removes the need to define its features in an official committee-controlled specification document which is criticized by some. 
Squirrel
Albino squirrels are thought by some to be a source of good luck. 
The Albino Squirrel Preservation Society was founded at the University of Texas at Austin in 2001, and its sister chapter at University of North Texas petitioned for an election to name their albino squirrel as the university's secondary mascot (the election narrowly failed).
Star (glyph)
Arabic "five-pointed" star
Reputedly, some Arabs have seen some kind of Zionist conspiracy in the six-lobed asterisk glyph of many traditional fonts, hence the insistence on a non-sixfold asterisk. 
'NB': this glyph is not actually five-pointed in some fonts.
Star Wars kid
In July 2003, his family filed a CA$250,000 lawsuit against the families of four of his schoolmates.
The lawsuit stated, in part, that he "'had to endure, and still endures today, harassment and derision from his high-school mates and the public at large.'" and, he "'will be under psychiatric care for an indefinite amount of time.'"
Legal proceedings against one family were quickly dropped.
"High school was time of torment".
The lawsuit had been scheduled to begin trial on April 10, 2006; but on April 7, the boy and his parents reached an out-of-court settlement with the defendants.
"'Star Wars Kid' cuts a deal with his tormentors".
The settlement's terms were not announced, but were believed to be in the CA$150,000 range. 
Previous court proceedings had included discussions about whether the defendants had liability insurance.
In 2006 the boy finally came to terms with his classmates and received CA$351,000 in a lawsuit between three of the four classmates.
StarCraft
The 'Brood War' expansion released by Blizzard in 1998 provided several new units and a new campaign for each race, continuing the original 'StarCraft' storyline and changing the gameplay.
'Brood War' allowed the production of units, such as the dark templar, which 'StarCraft' had only made available at the beginning of certain single-player missions, and created exclusive unit upgrades for all three species.
Though the three races in 'StarCraft' were considered slightly unequal in power when the game was first released, the expansion pack and four balance patches are thought by most players to have created a very stable, balanced game. 
Steam locomotive
Many consider the steam locomotive to be one of the most fascinating mechanical devices ever created and passing steam locomotives often grab the attention of bystanders. 
Stem cell
The term 'adult stem cell' refers to any cell which is found in a developed organism that has two properties: the ability to divide and create another cell like itself and also divide and create a cell more differentiated than itself.
Also known as 'somatic' (from Greek µ, "of the body") stem cells and 'germline' (giving rise to gametes) stem cells, they can be found in children, as well as adults.
As a result, many consider the name "adult stem cell" a misnomer. 
Pluripotent adult stem cells are rare and generally small in number but can be found in a number of tissues including umbilical cord blood.
Most adult stem cells are lineage-restricted (multipotent) and are generally referred to by their tissue origin (mesenchymal stem cell, adipose-derived stem cell, endothelial stem cell, etc.). 
Sweeney Todd
The cannibalistic trait of the story goes back as far as the myth of Pelops.
The myth's imagery of meat pies made from people is almost certainly an allusion to the finale of Shakespeare's 'Titus Andronicus' and the original Roman tale on which it was based, the story of 'Tereus, Procne and Philomela' in Ovid's Metamorphoses.
There is thought to have been a Jacobin barber who cut the throats of his customers during the French Revolution, though for politics rather than profit. 
Likewise, the 15th-century Scottish figure Sawney Bean led a family of thieves who are believed to have feasted on their victims. 
It may be relevant that 'Sweeney' could be considered a typically Irish name, just as 'Sawney' is a Scottish one; ethnic prejudice could underlie both legends. 
Swiss Federal Council
After the 2003 elections, many observers have also noted that many present councillors tend to behave as self-centered alpha males (or alpha females, in the case of Councillor Calmy-Rey) instead of as team players as has historically been the case. 
They point to the visible mutual animosity and breaches of collegiality notable between Christoph Blocher and Pascal Couchepin / Moritz Leuenberger, respectively.
Others , however, contend that such confrontations have always occurred, but now tend to be hyped by media eager to report on juicy political conflicts. 
Sydney University Liberal Club
The Club has had many varying and constantly changing political views over the years. 
One of the defining debates in the Club over the past 30 years has been Voluntary Student Unionism (VSU).
The Sydney University Liberal Club is committed to providing students with the choice to join or not join a student union, and has attracted significant national media coverage in recent years for its pro-VSU counterprotests. 
Symphony No. 9 (Beethoven)
You can find a longer version on the EU website.
The famous choral finale is Beethoven's musical representation of Universal Brotherhood and has been characterized by Charles Rosen as a symphony within a symphony. 
It contains four movements played without interruption.
This "inner symphony" follows the same overall pattern as the Ninth Symphony as a whole.
The scheme is as follows:
Tamiya Corporation
is a Japanese manufacturer of plastic model kits, radio controlled cars, battery- and solar-powered educational models, sailboat models, acrylic and enamel model paints, and various modeling tools and supplies.
The company was founded by Yoshio Tamiya in Shizuoka, Japan in 1946.
Ted Andrews
Andrews is certified in basic hypnosis and acupressure, and is involved in the study and use of herbs as an alternative path in health care.
He is active in the holistic healing field, focusing strongly on esoteric forms of healing with sound, music, and voice.
A self-described clairvoyant, Andrews works with past-life analysis, aura interpretation, dreams, numerology, and Tarot.
He is also schooled in a variety of related holistic healing modalities , including music therapy, herbology, hypnotherapy, acupressure and other alternative techniques. 
Terminator Technology
Under warm, wet harvest conditions non V-GURT grain can sprout, which lowers the quality of grain produced.
It is speculated that this problem would not occur with the use of V-GURT grain varieties. 
The American Scene
As might be expected, critics have abruptly divided on this book, usually as the result of subjective political opinions. 
Those who agree with James' critique of the United States find much to praise.
Those who dislike his distaste for various aspects of American life criticize James as snobbish and unfair.
The Highwayman (TV series)
'The Highwayman' finished its run after the Pilot film and nine episodes.
It is believed that it was not renewed for a number of reasons. 
Whilst it achieved reasonable ratings, they were not high enough to justify the high cost of producing the episodes, with their many stunts and hi-tech props.
It also rather marked the end of an era, as television moved from the comic-book adventures of the 1980s, into the more politically correct programs of the 1990s.
'The Highwayman' is not an overly well-known series, but those that saw it generally remember it fondly. 
The Jersey Guys
Casey Bartholomew was born in 1969 in Orange County, California, and attended Fulton College.
He was the board operator for Laura Schlessinger's show on KFI in Los Angeles, 1991-95, then for two years hosted a weekend KFI talk show with Scott Hasick.
The Scott and Casey show was also heard in the 2-7 pm time slot on New Jersey 101.5 from August 1999 to July 2002.
The Night the Animals Talked
'The Night the Animals Talked' was produced by Gamma Films of Italy, and was directed by animation veteran Shamus Culhane.
The story evolved from an MGM Records children's recording written by writer and voiceover artist Peter Fernandez.
With the demise of Gamma Films, the film has likely passed into the public domain. 
The Unknown Soldier (1955 film)
'The Unknown Soldier' ('Tuntematon sotilas') is a Finnish film directed by Edvin Laine and premiered in December 1955.
It is based on 'The Unknown Soldier', a novel by Väinö Linna.
The story is about the Continuation War between Finland and the Soviet Union as told from the viewpoint of ordinary Finnish soldiers.
The film was and remains the most successful movie ever in Finland; about 2.8 million people, or more than half the Finnish population, saw it in theaters.
Its portrayal of Linna's characters is widely accepted as canonical. 
In 1985 Rauni Mollberg directed a new version of the film.
These Are the Voyages...
Elements of this episode generated tremendous controversy among fans of the series. 
As details of this episode emerged, fans became divided in their views of what could be the final televised 'Star Trek' episode for the foreseeable future.
Advance criticisms (before the episode was actually released) ranged from displeasure over the fact the final episode would be written by the unpopular Berman and Braga to outrage over the decision to tie the series finale into 'Star Trek: The Next Generation'.
Thomas the Apostle
Many scholars believe that the majority of the "lost Gospels" were written decades and in some cases centuries after Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. 
But some think one of the long-abandoned texts, the Gospel of Thomas, was very much on the mind of John's author when he sat down to write in about A.D. 95. 
Toe the line
'"Toe the line"' is an idiomatic expression with disputed origins. 
It is often equated to "toe the mark," which has the same meaning: to conform to a rule or a standard. 
One documented origin of the phrase is as an athletics analogy that originated in the early 19th century.
Other suggested origins are the center line in boxing which boxers were instructed to toe at the start of each round, or the lines created by deck planks on ships which naval crews used to “fall in line”.
The longest-running use of the phrase, often mentioned by tourist guides, is from the British House of Commons where sword-strapped members were instructed to stand behind lines that were better than a sword’s length from their political rivals. 
Thus the cry to “toe the line!” was echoed to return order to the House and to quell a potential mortal conflict.
Tom O'Brien (football coach)
From the time O'Brien took the helm as head coach of Boston College in 1996 until his departure in 2006, the Eagles attained a consistently high level of achievement, both on the field and in the classroom: 
Totora (plant)
The Rapanui people of Easter island used Totora reeds - locally known as 'nga'atu' - for thatching and to make 'pora' swimming aids.
These are used for recreation, and were formerly employed by 'hopu' (clan champions) to reach offshore Motu Nui in the 'tangata manu' ("bird-man") competition.
How the plant arrived on the island is not clear; it might have brought there by drifting plants or by birds bearing seeds, but neither do the ocean currents run in a way that makes the former likely, nor are sedge seeds normally dispersed by birds.
However, the Tupac Inca Yupanqui supposedly commanded a Pacific expedition around 1480, which - if it indeed happened - appears to have visited Easter Island. 
As living Totora plants were used by the Incas for thatching the roofs of their sea-going vessel, an introduction by means of visiting Inca ships would be possible.
Lake sediment studies, while somewhat ambiguous, suggest that "... there is no proof of the presence of totora on Easter Island before the 14th century." and are compatible with an introduction around 1480.
Toxoplasmosis
The evidence for behavioral effects on humans, although intriguing, is relatively weak. 
There have been no randomized clinical trials studying the effects of toxoplasma on human behavior. 
Although some researchers have found potentially important associations with toxoplasma, it is possible that these associations merely reflect factors that predispose certain types of people to infection (e.g., people who exhibit risk-taking behaviors may be more likely to take the risk of eating undercooked meat). 
U-verse
'AT&T U-verse' is the brand name for a group of services provided over Internet Protocol (IP), including television service, Internet access, and eventually voice telephone service. 
The new services are carried on phone lines (or over fiber to the customer's premises), and are enabled by AT&T’s initiative to push fiber-optic lines closer to customers’ premises.
U-verse itself is a laconic colloquialism for "universe", designed to convey the scope the service will encapsulate as well as project an emphasis on the customer ("you").
U.S. Energy Independence
Though many American politicians have recently spoken out in favor of working toward energy independence, the discussion among proponents often overlooks the trade implications, focusing more on means and ends. 
It is rarely discussed whether the effort would be to make the United States into a net neutral/net exporter of energy, wherein the U.S. would produce and consume equivalent or less energy than it produces, or instead to make the United States completely self-feeding, wherein U.S. consumers would purchase energy solely from U.S. producers, enforced by wide embargos/autarkies or tariffs. 
The conversation among proponents also often disregards macroeconomic factors, such as incentives for American companies to produce in other nations, which offer access to the other 3 of global demand and an estimated 97% of global fossil fuel reserves.
Udavum Karangal
'Udavum Karangal' is a philanthropic organization based out of Chennai, India.
This organization does service taking care of orphans and other needy people helping them in all forms of development.
The founder of this organization is Mr. Vidyaakar, who is by now an household name in Chennai when it comes to helping the poor. 
United States and the International Criminal Court
Skeptics have argued there may be other reasons than those advanced by the Bush administration for not joining the International Criminal Court. 
They point to the role the U.S. administration or U.S. citizens have played in conflicts around the world in the past, i.e. Gulf of Tonkin Incident, My Lai Massacre, aid to Operation Condor through the School of the Americas. 
Engaging in such policies today, under the ICC Statute, could be grounds for prosecution.
In addition, they point to the possible legal challenges, under the command responsibility principle, as a result of the "war on terror" regarding the memos refuting the Geneva Convention, the use of unlawful combatant status, extraordinary rendition and Legality of the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. 
Critics of the U.S. administration view these as war crimes and therefore allege that high level officials and the administration itself might be liable for criminal prosecution. 
The International Criminal Court investigated all allegations for war crimes and crimes against humanity and found that all such claims were without merit except those already being prosecuted by national authorities.
Not one member of the United Nations has brought such claims to the Security Council for review and not one member of the International Criminal Court has taken them seriously enough to bring them before the ICC.
If any actual evidence of crimes is ever discovered, the ICC can and likely will reopen its investigation.
Venner for altid
'Venner for altid', 'Friends Forever' in English (literally 'Friends for All Time') is a Danish film produced in 1986 and released at the beginning of 1987.
It was directed by Stefan Henszelman to a script by himself and Alexander Korschen, was well received in New York and San Francisco and garnered the 1988 'Audience Award' at the San Francisco International Lesbian & Gay Film Festival. 
War crimes of the Wehrmacht
They are numerous cases of rapes conducted on Jewish women and girls by German soldiers during Invasion of Poland. 
War dog
In ancient times, dogs, usually large ancient mastiff and rottweiler-type breeds, would be strapped with armor and spiked collars, and sent into battle to attack the enemy.
This strategy was used by various civilizations , such as the Romans and the Greeks. 
This approach has been largely abandoned in modern day militaries due to the fact that modern weapons would allow the dogs to be destroyed almost immediately, as on Okinawa when US soldiers quickly eliminated a platoon of Japanese soldiers and their dogs. 
Ethics questions have also been raised about the uses of dogs in this way. 
War on Drugs
The epithet "War on Drugs" has been condemned as being propaganda to justify military or paramilitary operations under the guise of a noble cause; in particular, Noam Chomsky points out that the term is an example of synecdoche referring to operations against suspected producers, traders and/or users of certain substances. 
This form of language is similar to that used in other initiatives such as Lyndon B. Johnson's "war on poverty" and George W. Bush's "War on Terrorism".
The word "war" is used to invoke a state of emergency, although the target of the war isn't anything against which standard military tactics are effective.
West Memphis 3
Of all the parents close to the West Memphis 3 case, John Mark Byers has been the most outspoken about the convictions, and some people have claimed that he himself was one of the "real murderers". 
In late 2007, Byers announced to the press that he had changed his opinion, and that he now believes that the WM3 are innocent.
Whore of Babylon
allegorical figures of supreme evil mentioned in the Book of Revelation in the Bible.
She is associated with the Antichrist and the Beast of Revelation by connection with the kingdom with seven heads and ten horns, and Her apocalyptic downfall is prophesied at the hands of the beast with seven heads and ten horns.
Wiccan Rede
The combination of Wicca with 'no harm to others' and 'do what thou wilt' made its first known appearance in 'The Old Laws' by Gerald Gardner, 1953.
A similar phrase, 'Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law', appears in Aleister Crowley's works by 1904, in The Book of the Law (though as used by Crowley it is half of a statement and response, the response being "Love is the Law, love under Will").
"Crowley very likely stole this line from Francois Rabelais, who wrote it in 1534, or St. Augustine, who gave a similar edict."
King Paulsol, a character in Pierre Louys', 'Les aventures du roi Pausole' (The Adventures of King Pausole), had a similar motto of 'Do what you like as long as you harm no one.'
Although Gardner claimed to have borrowed King Paulsol's concepts, some would argue Gardner was truly referencing Crowley. 
"Solitary Witch: The Ultimate Book of Shadows for the New Generation."
William Aspdin
On arriving in London in 1841, he immediately set up a manufacturing plant at Rotherhithe, and was soon making a cement that caused a sensation among users in London.
Although this product, referred to today as "modern" Portland cement, was entirely different mineralogically from that of his father, William did not take out a patent, or give it a new name.
Apparently , he was aware of the competence of a number of competing manufacturers near to his plant on the Thames, and decided that any patent would quickly be infringed by all his rivals. 
He therefore decided to claim that the product was covered by his father's patent, and clothed the details of his methods in secrecy.
Famously, he would emerge from his office when each newly-loaded kiln was ready for firing, and scatter in handfuls of brightly-coloured crystals over the rawmix, in order to give the impression that the special properties of his product were the result of an unidentified "magic ingredient".
This strategy kept competition at bay for two years, after which I C Johnson succeeded in matching the product at J B White & Co's nearby Swanscombe plant.
See the link for Johnson's own account of this.
Wisdom
Some may find the scientific method to be a satisfactory path to a goal of gaining wisdom. 
Xenoestrogen
The ubiquitous presence of such estrogenic substances is a significant health concern, both individually and for a population.
Life relies on the transmission of biochemical information to the next generation, and the presence of xenoestrogens may interfere with this transgenerational information process through "chemical confusion" (Vidaeff and Sever). 
PMID 1580878, who state: "The results do not support with certainty the view that environmental estrogens contribute to an increase in male reproductive disorders".
Agencies such as the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the World Health Organization International Program on Chemical Safety are charged to address these issues.
Zeno's paradoxes
According to some historians of philosophy , Zeno's paradoxes were a major problem for ancient and medieval philosophers. 
?Alexander Emanuel Agassiz
In 1896 Agassiz visited Fiji and Queensland and inspected the Great Barrier Reef, publishing a paper on the subject in 1898.
Comic strip
As newspapers change, the changes have affected comic strips.
Cardinal vowel
In the IPA's , the cardinal vowels have the same numbers used above, but added to 300.
David Beckham
He amassed 41 yellow cards and four red cards for Real Madrid.
Henry VIII of England
Henry's motto was 'Coeur Loyal' (true heart) and he had this embroidered on his clothes in the form of a heart symbol and with the word "loyal".
His emblem was the Tudor rose and the Beaufort portcullis.
LucasArts
Apart from 'Star Wars'-themed 3D shooters, LucasArts also created the western-themed game 'Outlaws' in 1997 and 'Armed and Dangerous' (in collaboration with Planet Moon Studios) in 2003.
Mary Magdalene
In the Orthodox Church, Mary Magdalene is not celebrated as a penitent, but rather as a woman who lived a virtuous life.
New South Wales
The NSW business community is represented by the NSW Business Chamber which has 30,000 members.
Pressure
There is a two-dimensional analog of pressure - the lateral force per unit length applied on a line perpendicular to the force.
Penectomy
Issues related to the removal of the penis appear in psychology, for example in the condition known as castration anxiety.
Military of the Republic of the Congo
The Congo's 10 military aircraft, including 3 helicopters, are operated by the Air Force.
S.S. Lazio
In addition, Lazio won the Italian Super Cup twice and defeated Manchester United in 1999 to win the European Super Cup.
The Silence of the Lambs (film)
In the 'images', the death's head on the moths' backs is not their natural pattern, but a superimposed miniature image of Salvador Dali and Philippe Halsman's 'In Voluptas Mors', which forms the image of a skull from naked bodies.
Article Three of the United States Constitution
Section 2 provides that the trial of crimes, except impeachment cases, must be by jury.
The trial must be held in the state where the crime was committed, or, if it was not committed in any particular state, in such a place as should have been previously set forth by the Congress.
V
This letter is not used in the Polish alphabet, along with Q and X.
In loan words the letter W (pronounced ) is used instead.
Wends
Since the Middle Age, the kings of Denmark and Denmark-Norway carried the titles 'King of the Wends and Goths'.
The use of both titles was discontinued in 1972.
Causality
He then explained the cause of such differences in accordance with the law of cause and effect.
Charles University in Prague
Its seal shows its protector, Emperor Charles IV, with his coats of arms as King of the Romans and King of Bohemia kneeling in front of St. Wenceslas, the patron saint of Bohemia.
It is surrounded by the inscription, 'Sigillum Universitatis Scolarium Studii Pragensis'.
United States presidential election, 1908
Representative James S. Sherman of New York received the vice presidential nomination.
Abstract factory pattern
This insulates client code from object creation by having clients ask a factory object to create an object of the desired abstract type and to return an abstract pointer to the object.
Dodge
In Spring 2007, DaimlerChrysler reached an agreement with Cerberus Capital Management to sell off its Chrysler Group subsidiary, of which the Dodge division was a part.
On June 10, 2009 Italian auto maker Fiat formed a partnership with Chrysler in which a "New Chrysler" was formed and was given the name Chrysler Group LLC in which Dodge remains a part of.
Overture
In motion pictures, an overture is a piece of music setting the mood for the film before the credits start (or during the credits).
Joe DiMaggio
DiMaggio also teamed up with Dr. Octopus in Amazing Spider-Man #257 in tribute to the "ol' Yankee Kazoo."
Montgomery County, New York
In 1791, Herkimer, Otsego, and Tioga Counties were split off from Montgomery.
Clackmannanshire
The motto of Clackmannanshire is '"Look Aboot Ye"' ('Circumspice' in Latin).
In 2007 a re-branding exercise led to the area adopting the slogan '"More Than You Imagine"'.
Costantino Nivola
In 1972 the American Academy of Arts and Letters admitted Nivola as its first non-American member.
In 1978 the University of California, Berkeley gave him a chair at its Art Department.
Wolin
Water from the river Oder flows into the Szczecin Lagoon.
From there it flows through the Peene (to the west of Usedom), Ĺšwina and Dziwna into the Bay of Pomerania, which is part of the Baltic Sea.
Foreign relations of Uganda
Russia has an embassy in Kampala and Uganda has an embassy in Moscow.
Eusko Abendaren Ereserkia
It is a testament to the word usage of Sabino Arana that the three words of the title are neologisms he created himself.
United Nations Truce Supervision Organization
The military observers work in multi-national teams, so that any observations will always be confirmed by at least two observers from different nations, as a measure to ensure impartiality.
Peter Lorre
Lorre has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, at 6619 Hollywood Boulevard.
The Caine Mutiny (film)
The film premiered in New York City on 24 June 1954, and went into general release on July 28.
It cost an estimated $2 million to make and grossed $8.7 million in the United States.
Dordrecht
Arriva, the city bus company of Dordrecht, also serving Werkendam, and also operating the Kop van 't Land ferry on the way
Denver Nuggets
In the 2005-06 season, the Nuggets also introduced an alternate navy blue uniform, with a new Nuggets throwback script in gold, with powder blue outlining
Alice Comedies
This short helped set the stage for what was to come in the later Alice Comedies, as it established the world as a playful dream, and also introduced the elements which would soon define the series.
Toll road
The term turnpike refers to the pike or long stick that was held across the road, and only raised or turned aside when the traveller paid the toll.
Pickens County, Alabama
'Pickens County' is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama.
As of 2000, the population was 20,949.
Its county seat is Carrollton, and it is a prohibition, or dry county.
YMCA
In 1919, YMCA began their chain around the country.
SPECTRE
The SPECTRE cabinet had a total of 21 members.
Blofeld was the chairman and leader because he founded the organisation and Largo was elected by the cabinet to be second in command.
Loiret
'Loiret' is a department in north-central France named after the river Loiret.
Duplin County, North Carolina
The county was formed in 1750 from New Hanover County.
It was named for Thomas Hay, Viscount Dupplin, later 9th Earl of Kinnoull.
Stratford, London
Crossrail, a new rail line through central London connecting Heathrow Airport and Maidenhead in the west, will serve both Stratford and Maryland stations.
Shawnee County, Kansas
Shawnee County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1994.
Leghemoglobin
In plants infected with 'Rhizobium', (such as alfalfa or soybeans), the presence of oxygen in the root nodules would reduce the activity of the oxygen-sensitive nitrogenase - an enzyme responsible for the fixation of atmospheric nitrogen.
Leghemoglobin buffers the concentration of free oxygen in the cytoplasm of infected plant cells to ensure the proper function of root nodules.
Doctor Dolittle (film)
The village scenes of Puddleby-on-the-Marsh were filmed in the village of Castle Combe in Wiltshire.
Foreign relations of Guinea-Bissau
The U.S. Embassy suspended operations in Bissau on June 14, 1998, in the midst of violent conflict between forces loyal to then-President Vieira and the military-led junta.
Prior to and following the Embassy closure, the United States and Guinea-Bissau have enjoyed excellent bilateral relations.
Hoover, Alabama
Hoover provides traffic, severe weather, disaster information, and details on special events on low-power AM radio (1610 kHz).
Kibbutz
Kibbutzim founded in the 1920s tended to be larger than the kibbutzim like Degania which were founded prior to World War I. Degania had had twelve members at its founding.
Ein Harod, founded only a decade later, began with 215 members.
Bell Gardens, California
Bell Gardens is bordered by Bell and Cudahy on the west, Commerce on the north and northeast, Downey on the southeast, and South Gate on the southwest.
Aptos, California
In 2005 the Aptos High girls and boys cross country team won the CCS championship and the boys finished third at state championships while the girls were crowned state champions.
Mango, Florida
'Mango' is an unincorporated census-designated place in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.
Cairo, Illinois
Cairo was founded by the Cairo City & Canal Company in 1837, and incorporated as a city in 1858.
For 15 years the town grew slowly, but the sale of lots (commencing in 1853) and the completion of the Illinois Central Railroad attracted settlers.
Greensburg, Indiana
Indianapolis International Airport is located 55 miles from Greensburg, and Cincinnati Northern Kentucky International Airport is located 70 miles away.
Kellogg, Iowa
Highway 224 forms Kellogg's eastern boundary.
The North Skunk River runs southeasterly along the town's southern edge.
Slidell, Louisiana
Slidell is located on the southwest corner of the intersection of I-10, I-12 and I-59 and U.S. Highway 11.
The I-10 Twin Span Bridge runs from Slidell over Lake Pontchartrain to New Orleans East.
Gardner, Massachusetts
'Gardner, Massachusetts' is a city in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.
The population was 20,770 as of the 2000 census.
Gardner is home to Dunn State Park, Gardner Heritage State Park, Lake Wampanoag Wildlife Sanctuary, and Mount Wachusett Community College.
St. Robert, Missouri
Highway 28 which crosses Interstate 44 at exit 163 at the eastern edge of St. Robert, runs north through Dixon, and then runs north out of the county.
Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey
Woodcliff Lake lacks its own public library, however it offers its residents reimbursement if they get a library membership from a neighboring town.
Cortland, New York
In 1868 Cortland became the home of the Cortland Normal School, now the State University of New York at Cortland.
Pitcairn, New York
New York State Route 3 and New York State Route 812 intersect near the south town line.
Dillsboro, North Carolina
The Great Smoky Mountains Railroad was also used in the filming of 1996 comedy 'My Fellow Americans' starring Jack Lemmon and James Garner when they stumble on to a charter train full of UNC-Chapel Hill fans headed for the NCAA Final Four.
New London, Ohio
The village motto, "The Right Place at the Right Time" was chosen in the late twentieth century by former Mayor Dorothy Sholes.
Pine Grove Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
'Pine Grove Township' is a township in Warren County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
As of the 2000 census, the township population was 2,712.
Kenosha, Wisconsin
The Electric Hellfire Club , an industrial metal band, originated in Kenosha in the early 1990s.
WWT Martin Mere
The BBC television programme Autumnwatch was broadcast live from Martin Mere in 2006 and 2007.
A Day in the Life
The reggae dub band Easy Star All-Stars has covered the entire Sgt. Pepper's album, including the song "A Day in the Life."
Longitudinal wave
Sound's propagation speed depends on the type, temperature and pressure of the medium through which it propagates.
The Bounty
The Bounty's logbook is shown with the title "H.M.A.V. Bounty, her log" on the front cover and on the first page before Bligh makes an entry dated 23 December 1787 recording the first day at sea.
The actual log, now in the State Library of New South Wales, has only 'Bounty's Log' in Bligh's hand on the spine and begins with 'Remarks at Deptford' describing preparations for the voyage with the first daily entry being the initial unsuccessful attempt to leave Spithead on 1 Dec. 1787.
Chanhassen, Minnesota
U.S. Route 212 and Minnesota State Highways 5 and 41 are three of the main routes in the city.
Frederick M. Smith
Frederick M. Smith became the first president of the church to submit notice of resignation.
However, he never ceased to be president of the church on account of the fact that the General Conference who he submitted his resignation to, rejected it.
Salvatore Maranzano
Maranzano's wife, Elisabetta, died in 1964.
Both are buried in Saint John's Cemetery, Queens, located in New York City, buried near the graves of Luciano and Genovese.
Symphonie fantastique
As part of this he uses an example of cyclical structure in music, which was an idea drawn from Beethoven's use of similar rhythmic structures or shapes in his Fifth Symphony, and the idea of musical "cycles", such as a "song cycle".
Berlioz did not know of Mendelssohn's Octet, which also uses this device.
House of Bernadotte
The House of Bernadotte reigned in both countries until the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905.
Prince Carl of Denmark, a grandson of King Charles XV, was then elected as Norway's new king.
2003 Cricket World Cup
The tournament was won by Australia who defeated India in the final.
The Buddy Holly Story
The movie was adapted by Robert Gittler from the biography of Holly by John Goldrosen.
It was directed by Steve Rash.
Guardians of the Lost Library
The names Fulton Gearloose and Clinton Coot were first used in this story but it was not revealed that they were the fathers of Gyro Gearloose and Grandma Duck.
Chengdu
The toll-free Chengjin Expressway in the east of Chengdu is 38.7 km long, with six lines and designed for travel at 80 km/h.
After it opens to the public, it will take only about half an hour to drive from the downtown Chengdu to Jintang, half the time of the current journey.
Bonsai
When displayed inside a home, a formal bonsai display will be placed within a tokonoma.
Timeline of computer viruses and worms
Ken Thompson publishes "Reflections on Trusting Trust", a theoretical paper which describes how a virus can be inserted into a program's object code, when the virus itself cannot be found in the source code.
Catacombs of Rome
On the via Salaria, the Catacombs of via Anapo are datable to the end of the 3rd or the beginning of the 4th century, and contain diverse frescoes of biblical subjects.
Tralee
Tralee has a town council with twelve members.
Avisa Nordland
'Avisa Nordland' is a newspaper published in Bodo, Norway.
It was established through a controversial merger of the two competing newspapers 'Nordlandsposten' and 'Nordlands Framtid'.
Alice Springs, Northern Territory
Nevil Shute's novel 'A Town Like Alice', and the resulting film and television miniseries, takes its name from Alice Springs, although little of the action takes place there.
The local library is the Nevil Shute Memorial Library.
Ingrid Betancourt
On July 9, President Michelle Bachelet of Chile said she would nominate Betancourt for a Nobel Prize.
Sarkozy announced that she would receive the Legion of Honor at the Bastille Day celebrations.
Great Hanshin earthquake
This was the first earthquake to have a certified seismic intensity over 7 on the Japan Meteorological Agency's 'shindo' intensity scale.
Minamoto clan
The Genpei War is also the subject of the early Japanese epic 'The Tale of the Heike' ('Heike Monogatari').
Battle of Alexandria
The 'Battle of Alexandria' or 'Battle of Canope', fought on March 21, 1801 between the French army under General Menou and the British expeditionary corps under Sir Ralph Abercrombie, took place near the ruins of Nicopolis, on the narrow spit of land between the sea and Lake Abukir, along which the British troops had advanced towards Alexandria after the actions of Abukir on March 8 and Mandora on March 13.
Emma Albani
She returned to London for the fourth season at Covent Garden in 1875.
After the season, she performed at the Norwich festival, where she sang Mendelssohn's Hymn of Praise and Julius Benedict's St. Cecilia.
Dr. Feelgood (album)
Nike SB created a shoe based on the album cover.
Valmy
The town stands on the west flank of the Argonne massif, mid-way between Verdun and Paris, near Vouziers.
Bivalvia
In the 'septibranchs' the inhalant siphon is surrounded by vibration-sensitive tentacles for detecting prey.
Venceremos Brigade
In the summer of 2003, the group joined with the "Pastors For Peace" project of the Interreligious Foundation for Community Organization (IFCO) and organized a group travelling to Cuba, to highlight their objection to the U.S. restrictions on travel to Cuba.
Southend-on-Sea
Each August Southend Carnival opens along the "Golden Mile" with the lighting of the Southend Illuminations.
Fluid bearing
This is an example of a hydrodynamic bearing which does not use a secondary bearing for start/stop.
In this application, a large part of the bearing wear occurs during startup and shutdown, though in engine use, substantial wear is also caused by hard combustion contaminants that bridge the oil film.
American White Pelican
The 'American White Pelican' or 'Rough-billed Pelican' ('Pelecanus erythrorhynchos') is a large aquatic bird from the order Pelecaniformes.
It breeds in interior North America, moving south and to the coasts, up to Central America, in winter.
Abraham Lincoln Battle Group
The 'Abraham Lincoln' Strike Group' or Carrier Strike Group 9 is the collection of United States Navy ships and aircraft built around the aircraft carrier.
Giovanni Battista Cipriani
His first lessons were given him by a Florentine of English descent, Ignatius Hugford, and then under Anton Domenico Gabbiani.
He was in Rome from 1750-1753, where he became acquainted with Sir William Chambers, the architect, and Joseph Wilton, the sculptor, whom he accompanied to England in August 1755.
Walker Evans
In 1971, the Museum of Modern Art staged a further exhibition of his work entitled simply 'Walker Evans'.
Goatse.cx
The cover of Time Magazine for September 20, 2004, shows two hands pulling open a hole in the American flag for the cover story.
Chai Wan
In 1929, the Boy Scouts Association, Hong Kong Branch purchased land for the Chai Wan Campsite where Chai Wan Park is now situated.
The land returned to Hong Kong Government for development in the early 1970s.
John Swinney
Swinney was previously a Member of Parliament (MP) for Tayside North in the British House of Commons, before taking the same seat in the 1999, 2003 and 2007 elections.
In 2007 he achieved the largest constituency vote for any candidate in Scotland.
Amy Dumas
After her retirement from wrestling in 2006, she and then-boyfriend Shane Morton formed the punk rock band The Luchagors.
The band released a CD on September 11, 2007.
Injective cogenerator
The Tietze extension theorem can be used to show that an interval is an injective cogenerator in a category of topological spaces subject to separation axioms.
Bulacan
Primary and Intermediate Education
Bulacan has a total of 473 public Elementary schools, 435 public schools under the Department of Education (DEPED) Division of Bulacan and 38 public schools under the Division of City Schools of Malolos.
Bougainville Island
Louis Antoine de Bougainville named the island after himself.
Warren, Massachusetts
The Quaboag River runs through the center of town.
Newburgh (town), New York
Brighton Green - a condominium townhouse complex on the north side of Meadow Hill Road, across from Meadow Hill Reformed Church at the end of Fletcher Drive North, opened to occupancy in 2007.
Lanao del Norte
In October 1984, inaugural ceremonies were held to celebrate the occasion of the transfer of the Provincial Capitol from Poblacion, Tubod to the Don Mariano Marcos Government Center (now Governor Arsenio A. Quibranza Provincial Government Center) at Pigcarangan, Tubod, Lanao del Norte.
Anne Robinson
In December 1978, she resigned from 'The Sunday Times' and returned home to Crosby to recover from her alcoholism.
She then began working for the 'Liverpool Echo.'
FileMaker
Versions from FileMaker Pro 5.5 onwards also have an ODBC interface.
Indian Institutes of Management
In addition to the regular management programmes, the institute offers a unique course in Business Management for the armed forces officers, designed particularly for mid-level defence officers.
List of fictional characters within The Simpsons
Poochie reappears in The Simpsons Game as a boss on the 'Grand Theft Scratchy' level.
Von Neumann algebra
Orthogonal projections are noncommutative analogues of indicator functions in 'L'&infin;('R').
Places in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
An Earthlike planet on which Arthur Dent lived for a short time.
Inhabited by Bartledanians who neither breathe nor wish for things.
Junius Marion Futrell
After leaving office Futrell practiced law.
Abraham Kuyper
In 1872 he founded his own paper, "De Standaard" ("the Standard").
This paper would lay the foundation for the network of reformed organization, (the reformed pillar), which Kuyper would found.
Epiphanius' Panarion 29.4 describes James as a Nazirite.
Dance of Death (album)
'Dance of Death' is Iron Maiden's 13th studio album, released first in Japan on September 2 and rest of the world on September 8, 2003.
Button Bay
Button Bay State Park has been a state park since 1964.
Rocky Graziano
Paul Newman portrayed him in the 1956 film 'Somebody Up There Likes Me' as having an abusive childhood and criminal background, using boxing as an outlet for his violent behavior.
Robert Mapplethorpe
In 2007, American writer, director, and producer James Crump directed the documentary film 'Black White + Gray', which premiered at the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival.
It explores the influence Mapplethorpe, curator Sam Wagstaff, and musician/poet Patti Smith had on the 1970s art scene in New York City.
Upper West Side
The 'Upper West Side' is a neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City that lies between Central Park and the Hudson River above West 59th Street.
Owase, Mie
'Sea Produce'
Seafood - yellowtail, amberjack, horse mackerel, saury, seabream, bonito, flying fish, clams, topshell, octopus, squid
Others - Owase deep sea water and sea salt
Coromandel, New Zealand
'Coromandel' is the name of a town and harbour on the western side of the Coromandel Peninsula, which is on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.
They are 75 kilometres east of the city of Auckland, although the road between them, which winds around the Firth of Thames and Hauraki Gulf coasts, is 190 km long.
Soyuz 17
A new teleprinter was used for communications from the ground crew, freeing the Salyut crew from constant interruptions during their work.
Glycogenolysis
Glycogenolysis transpires in the muscle and liver tissue, where glycogen is stored, as a hormonal response to epinephrine (e.g., adrenergic stimulation) and/or glucagon, a pancreatic peptide triggered by low blood glucose concentrations produced in the Alpha cells of the Islets of Langerhans.
Muller's ratchet
In evolutionary genetics, 'Muller's ratchet' (named after Hermann Joseph Muller and a mechanical device) is the process by which the genomes of an asexual population accumulate deleterious mutations in an irreversible manner.
Leon Brittan
Leon was born to parents of Lithuanian Jewish extraction, and was educated at the Haberdashers' Aske's Boys' School and then Trinity College, Cambridge (where he was President of the Cambridge Union Society), he started his career as a lawyer.
He is a cousin of Malcolm Rifkind and Mark Ronson.
Kay Bailey Hutchison
Following Hutchison's election in 1993, Texas has had two sitting Republican U.S. senators.
Economic inequality
The final results amongst these supply and demand interactions is a gradation of different wages representing income inequality within society.
Slipper
The word is recorded in English in 1478, deriving from the much older verb to slip, the notion being of footwear that is "slipped" onto the foot.
Stratford, Connecticut
The Stratford Eagles Composite Squadron, Civil Air Patrol, is based in Stratford, at the Sikorsky Memorial Airport
Easter Monday
On Easter Monday, 1916, an insurrection staged in Ireland took place with the aims of overthrowing British rule and creating an Irish Republic.
Wali Khan Amin Shah
Shah attempted to escape from United States custody and failed.
Ben Weber (composer)
Weber received the Thorne Music Award in 1965.
He authored his own memoirs, 'How I Took 63 Years to Commit Suicide', the year he died.
Duke of Buccleuch
The Heir Apparent is the present holder's son Walter John Francis Scott, Earl of Dalkeith (b. 1984)
The World Is Round
The planet's slow rotation rate results in extreme weather, alternating between freezing cold "nights" (Patras) lasting up to six (Earth) months during which the sun never rises and steaming hot "days" (Bannks) during which the sun never sets for a similar number of months.
CompUSA
Currently based in Miami, Florida, CompUSA operates 23 retail stores in Florida, Texas, Illinois, and Puerto Rico.
Eleven former Tiger Direct locations and two new locations were brought under the CompUSA banner in the summer of 2008 for a total of 30 stores.
Samuel Hopkins Adams
Adams was born in Dunkirk, New York.
In 1891, he graduated from Hamilton College.
Berkeley Square
Berkeley Square can be easily reached from Green Park tube station on the Piccadilly, Jubilee and Victoria lines, and Bond Street tube station on the Central and Jubilee lines.
London Buses route 8 also passes the square.
United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indicator Technology
On December 27, 2008, South Korea announced plans to start fingerprinting and photographing foreigners in 2010.
Paperboard
'SUB (Solid Unbleached Board)' is a board made from unbleached chemical pulp (yellow) or recycled material (grey).
Hellenic Navy
Recent plans included the modernization of Standard class frigates with new electronics and radar systems, the modernization of Glaukos and Poseidon class submarines with new sonars, electronics and air-independent propulsion engines (programs Neptune 1/2), while on January 2009 the order of six (4+2) FREMM multipurpose frigates was announced by the Hellenic Navy.
Superspace
The fact that the covariant derivatives anticommute with the supercharges means the supersymmetry transformation of a covariant derivative of a superfield is equal to the covariant derivative of the same supersymmetry transformation of the same superfield.
Thus, generalizing the covariant derivative in bosonic geometry which constructs tensors from tensors, the superspace covariant derivative constructs superfields from superfields.
Alan Meale
He has been head of the parliamentary British-Cyprus group (APPG).
Alice DeeJay
On December 1, 2007, Pronti and Kalmani were brought to Los Angeles under the title "Alice Deejay" for "Winter Fresh" by Fresh Entertainment.
Centennial (TV miniseries)
A range war develops between the cattle ranchers led by the Venneford cowboys, farmers led by Hans Brumbaugh, and sheep herders led by new settler, Messmore Garrett (Clint Ritchie).
New town sheriff Axel Dumire (Brian Keith) tries to settle the conflict peacefully but it soon escalates into violence.
Alexander Vandegrift
In July 1943, he assumed command of the 1st Marine Amphibious Corps and commanded this organization in the landing at Empress Augusta Bay, Bougainville, Northern Solomon Islands, on November 1, 1943.
Upon establishing the initial beachhead, he relinquished command and returned to Washington, D.C. as Commandant-designate.
List of Presidents of Senegal
The 'President of Senegal' is the head of state of Senegal.
Herrenhaus
The German term 'Herrenhaus' is equivalent to the English 'House of Lords' and describes roughly similar institutions as the English House of Lords in German-speaking countries.
Steve Bartlett
Bartlett has been President and Chief Executive Officer of The Financial Services Roundtable since June 1999.
University of Louisiana at Monroe
The 'University of Louisiana at Monroe', or 'ULM', is a coeducational public university located in Monroe, Louisiana, USA, and is a part of the University of Louisiana System.
Search/Retrieve Web Service
Standards for SRW, SRU, and CQL are promulgated by the United States Library of Congress.
Valenzuela City
The liberation of the Philippines from Japanese rule on 1946 resulted in the division of Valenzuela into two towns.
Patrick Gordon Walker
Patrick Gordon Walker died in London, aged 73.
Selkirk locomotive
When diesels began operation between Calgary and Revelstoke in the early 1950s the Selkirks were assigned to work the Brooks, Alberta and Maple Creek, Saskatchewan subdivisions between Calgary and Swift Current, Saskatchewan.
They were also used to haul freight trains north of their new Alyth terminal as far as Edmonton, Alberta.
Atlanta murders of 1979-198
William Barrett went missing on May 16, 1981, and his body was found close to his home.
The Atlanta Child Killer's last known victim was Nathaniel Cater, who was 27 years old.
Venlafaxine
Due to its action on both the serotoninergic and adrenergic systems, Venlafaxine is also used as a treatment to reduce episodes of cataplexy, a form of muscle weakness, in patients with the sleep disorder narcolepsy.
Southeastern Louisiana University
Southeastern Louisiana University is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) to award degrees at the Associate, Baccalaureate and Master's levels.
Southeastern has been accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools since 1946.
Cavite City
The early inhabitants of Cavite City were the Tagalogs ruled by the Kampilan and the bullhorn of a datu, the tribal form of government.
Donatello (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
While meditating with Splinter, Donatello receives a vision of the future were he is in the village of Chihaya in Japan.
When Donatello asks why he would be doing there his master simply replies "To bury me".
Chestnut-headed Bee-eater
The Javan sub-species, 'M. l. quinticolor', differs in having the whole space from the bill down to the black pectoral band pure yellow without any chestnut, and in having the tail blue.
Driffield
The Manchester band Happy Mondays recorded their second album 'Bummed' at The Slaughterhouse, a studio that has since burnt down, in Driffield in 1988.
Wetwang
'Wetwang' is a Yorkshire Wolds village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
It is situated west of Driffield on the A166 road.
According to the 2001 UK census, Wetwang parish had a population of 672.
Gravity Kills
'Gravity Kills' was an American industrial rock band from Jefferson City, Missouri.
Southall railway station
The station is served by local services operated by First Great Western from London Paddington to Reading, Oxford and Newbury, and by Heathrow Connect services from Paddington to Heathrow Airport.
The station is on the original line of the Great Western Railway, now known as the Great Western Main Line.
Provisional designation in astronomy
The first letter indicates the half-month of the object's discovery within that year -"A" denotes discovery in the first half of January, "D" is for the second half of February, "J" is for the first half of May ("I" is not used), and so on until "Y" for the second half of December.
The first half is always the 1st through the 15th of the month, regardless of the numbers of days in the second "half".
Harvest Moon (album)
Ann Wilson, lead singer of Heart, recorded a cover version of the song "War of Man" for her 2007 solo release 'Hope & Glory' with Alison Krauss.
Henryk Wieniawski
The first violin competition named after Wieniawski took place in Warsaw in 1935, and the International Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition has been held every five years since 1952.
Yeshivas Ner Yisroel
Rabbi Yaakov Yitzchak Ruderman, the son-in-law of Rabbi Sheftel Kramer founded the yeshiva in 1933 with six students.
He had a vision, to build a yeshiva in the European style on American soil.
Abegweit Passage
The word 'Abegweit' is derived from the Mi'kmaq word for Prince Edward Island, 'Epekwit'k', meaning "cradled (or cradle) on the waves."
Dual consciousness
'Dual consciousness' is a concept developed by Frantz Fanon in his book 'Black Skins, White Masks'.
It deals with the nature of the colonized subject, and the way in which they must simultaneously embrace two different cultural identities.
Francis Rawdon-Hastings, 1st Marquess of Hastings
At New York, on 3 September 1779, he quarreled with Clinton, and resigned his position as adjutant general.
He served with the Volunteers of Ireland, during the raid on Staten Island, by Lord Stirling on 15 January 1780.
Residual value
The residual value derives its calculation from a base price, calculated after depreciation.
Vela (satellite)
The total number of satellites built was 12 - six of the Vela Hotel design, and six of the Advanced Vela design.
The Vela Hotel series was to detect nuclear initiations in space, while the Advanced Vela series was to detect not only nuclear explosions in space but also in the atmosphere.
Audi A8
In 2002, the A8L received standard xenon high-intensity discharge lamp (HID) headlights, and a heated steering wheel.
A tyre pressure monitoring system (TPMS), an updated Symphony II stereo, and new exterior colours were also added.
Battle of Heraclea
At dawn, the Romans started to cross the river Siris.
The Roman cavalry attacked on the flanks the scouts and light infantry, who were forced to flee.
Betty Shabazz
Shabazz was a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
Shredder (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)
In the Japanese versions, the Shredder is voiced by Norio Wakamoto (1st Movie in VHS Version), Hidekatsu Shibata (1st Movie in TV Version) and Takeshi Watabe (2nd Movie).
Charles Hopkinson
Born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, he graduated the Hopkinson School started by his father.
He began to draw for the 'Harvard Lampoon' upon his entrance to Harvard in 1888, and in 1891, he moved to New York to study at the Art Students' League where he worked with John Henry Twachtman and H. Siddons Mowbray.
Forest Park (St. Louis, Missouri)
Forest Park is located along the western edge of the City of St. Louis, though it is located nearly in the center of the entire metropolitan area.
It is bordered by Skinker Boulevard and Washington University in St. Louis to the west, I-64/US-40 and Oakland Avenue to the south, Kingshighway Boulevard and Barnes-Jewish Hospital and the Washington University Medical Center to the east, and Lindell Boulevard to the north.
BBC Look East
Look East moved to The Forum on 29 September 2003, having previously been based in St Catherine's Close, Norwich.
BBC Newsline
Daly and Phillips were staff of the Met Office's former Northern Ireland office based at RAF Aldergrove.
Simon Guggenheim
He joined the board of American Smelting and Refining Company, later becoming the chairman of the board.
From 1919 to 1941 he was president of that company.
Billy Graham (wrestler)
Graham does have two children from a previous marriage, however, a son named Joey (born in 1975) and a daughter named Capella (born in 1972).
Nitration
In the Wolfenstein-Boters reaction, benzene reacts with nitric acid and mercury nitrate to give picric acid.
Moreland railway station, Melbourne
Tram route 8 directly services Moreland station, on Moreland Road, and route 19 is a short walk from the station, on Sydney Road.
Bob Boughner
'Bob Boughner' (born March 8, 1971, in Windsor, Ontario, Canada), nicknamed The Boogieman, is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman and current head coach of the Ontario Hockey League's Windsor Spitfires.
120-cell
The boundary of the 120-cell is composed of 120 dodecahedral cells with 4 meeting at each vertex.
Brixton Academy
Faith No More played their first reunion show here on June 10, 2009.
Guy Vernor Henry
During the invasion of Puerto Rico, Henry led a "Provisional Division" from the city of Ponce to Arecibo, Puerto Rico to rendezvous with General Theodore Schwan, who was arriving from the city of Mayagüez.
The tropical rain impeded his trek and before he reached Mayagüez, the conflict was over.
Volvo Business Units
Volvo IT has around 5000 employees and offices in Göteborg, Ghent, Lyon, Greensboro and Kuala Lumpur.
Brooke Burns
2008 Brooke was the lead in "Smoke Jumper" about a female ex-firefighter turned fire jumper.
Ruling class
The term 'ruling class' refers to the social class of a given society that decides upon and sets that society's political policy.
Baker Bowl
Baker Bowl was the first field of the Philadelphia Eagles who played home games at the stadium from 1933 through 1935.
In their four years at Baker Bowl, the Eagles had a record of 3-11-1.
Szczecin-Ĺšmierdnica
'Szczecin-Ĺšmierdnica' is a municipal neighborhood of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south-east of Szczecin-DÄ…bie.
Technology development
'Energy development' is the ongoing effort to provide sustainable energy resources through knowledge, skills, and constructions.
When harnessing energy from primary energy sources and converting them into more convenient secondary energy forms, such as electrical energy and cleaner fuel, both emissions (reducing pollution) and quality (more efficient use) are important.
The Donna Reed Show
For a limited time in 2004, General Mills offered a DVD of two episodes inside boxes of Total and Oatmeal Crisp.
St. Ides
R&B singer-songwriter Kelis mentions St. Ides in the song "Flash Back", from her 2001 album 'Wanderland', as she sings, "And that's when you walked by/Holding your St. Ides".
Harbin Y-1
The 'Harbin Y-12' is a high wing twin-engine turboprop utility aircraft built by Harbin Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation (HAMC).
Bibb Graves
As adjutant general of the Alabama National Guard, he helped organize the 1st Alabama Cavalry and served on the Mexican border in 1916.
In World War I, Graves commanded the 117th U.S. Field Artillery in France, and upon his return to Alabama, he helped organize the state section of the American Legion.
The Mekon
In the ensuing battle the Mekon's ship was rammed by the HMS Trafalgar and boarded by British troops led by Dare who engaged the Mekon in personal combat before defeating him and leaving him near death.
Anders Lassen
He was the son of Emil Victor Schau Lassen and Suzanne Maria Signe Lassen, of Nyhavn, Copenhagen, Denmark.
He was first cousin of the German Major Axel von dem Bussche, who plotted to kill Hitler in November 1943.
LaGrange College
In athletics, LaGrange College is a member of NCAA Division III with 15 athletic programs.
2-10-2
In 2006, Multipower International, Inc. restored two Chinese QJ (2-10-2) steam locomotives to FRA Part 230 specifications and delivered them to Railroad Development Corp.
Saturn Girl
As a result, Imra only "talks" by broadcasting her thoughts to her fellow Legion members.
She is still able to read minds, but cannot express herself in spoken language, which puts her at a disadvantage in those situations where her telepathy is useless.
Gilby Clarke
In addition, he made a guest appearance on the L.A. Guns album 'Shrinking Violet', which he also produced.
Clarke also produced The Bronx's self-titled album released in 2003 and Girlsplayboys debut album 'From Ritual to Romance' in 2006.
No. 4 Squadron RAF
The squadron is presently based at RAF Cottesmore with the GR.9 version of the Harrier.
Denali (band)
In November 2004, Maura Davis, Ryan Rapsys, Stephen Howard and new member Matt Clark formed the band Bella Lea.
They later changed their name to Ambulette.
Kang Youwei
Kang's daughter, Kang Tongbi (ĺş·ĺŚĺŁ) was a student at Barnard College.
Malshej Ghat
Shivneri fort, where Shivaji was born, is 40 km from Malshej ghat.
Malaysia at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The only Malaysian to qualify from an opening heat was Alex Lim Keng Liat in the men's 100 metre backstroke.
Lim made the semifinal, but could not repeat his time from the heat in the semi, and was eliminated with a 15th place finish, the highest for the Malaysian swim team in Athens.
Acquanetta
Acquanetta succumbed to complications of Alzheimer's disease shortly after 4 a.m. on August 16, 2004, at Hawthorn Court in Ahwatukee, Arizona.
Mzilikazi
After his arrival, he organised his followers into a military system with regimental kraals, similar to those of Shaka, which became strong enough to repel the Boer attacks of 1847 - 1851 and persuade the government of the South African Republic to sign a peace treaty with him in 1852.
Rosalie Abella
While also chair of the Law Reform Commission, she taught law at McGill University in Montreal.
Neil Cavuto
Cavuto also tapes a nightly wrap up of business news which airs on local FOX affiliates during the late news and has a syndicated radio business news segment that airs on weekday afternoons.
He is the senior vice president and managing editor of business news for the Fox Business Network, and oversees content and business coverage.
John McEntire
McEntire is a current member of Tortoise, The Sea and Cake, and The Red Krayola.
His drumming work as a sideman can be heard on recordings, such as 'Since' by Richard Buckner, 'Enantiodromia' and 'Life on the Fly', both by Azita, 'Near-Life Experience' by Come, 'Kernel' by Seam, and 'The Spectrum Between', by David Grubbs.
Edward Hamilton Aitken
He married in 1883 the daughter of the Rev. J. Chalmers Blake, and left a family of two sons and three daughters.
Hawker Siddeley Red Top
The Red Top entered service in 1964, arming the English Electric Lightning and de Havilland Sea Vixen.
It remained in limited service until the final retirement of the Lightning in 1988.
Gaston Rebuffat
Rebuffat also was second unit director on the Walt Disney mountain film 'Third Man on the Mountain'.
Lake George (New York)
Later in the war, British General John Burgoyne's decision to bypass the easy water route to the Hudson River that Lake George offered and, instead, attempt to reach the Hudson though the marshes and forests at the southern end of Lake Champlain, led to the British defeat at Saratoga.
Shogun Assassin
The filmmakers hired deaf lip readers to help compose dialogue to match the lip movements of the original Japanese actors, and filled in the narrative gaps by adding voice-over narration by Daigoro, performed by the 7-year-old son of 'Shogun Assassin's' poster illustrator.
American actor Sandra Bernhard and director (and former radio actor) Lamont Johnson provided voices in the dubbed edition.
Gustav Zeuner
In 1873, while still director of Freiberg Mining Academy, Zeuner also took on the post of director at the Royal Saxon Polytechnicum in Dresden (now Technische Universitat Dresden).
Zeuner's efforts there led to the introduction of the humanities; the extension of the range of subjects taught resulted in the polytechnic's rise to a full-scale polytechnic university in 1890.
The Reels
David Mason is the son of John Mason, leader of the NSW Liberal Party during the mid-1970s.
Alexander Medved
Today he lives in Belarus and is the Head of the Inter-University Department of Sport Excellence of the Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics and also Vice-president of the Belarus Olympic Committee.
Alexander Medved' is also the Olympic coach for the Belarusian freestyle wrestling team.
Mala Sinha
Sinha currently lives in Bombay with her now-retired husband and daughter Pratibha Sinha, a Bollywood actress.
Morocco national football team
Morocco won the African Nations Cup in 1976.
Hit the ball twice
The bowler does not get credit for the wicket.
CEFOR
The 'Central Union of Marine Underwriters' (CEFOR) was founded August 15, 1911 by Norwegian and foreign insurance companies and is the marine insurance market organization of Norway.
Charles A. Duelfer
He served as deputy executive chairman of the UN Special Commission on Iraq from 1993 to 2000 and deputy head of the United Nations weapons inspections team from 2003 to January 23, 2005.
Whirlywirld
'Whirlywirld' was an Australian post punk band led by Ollie Olsen in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and the first of his musical collaborations with drummer John Murphy.
They played in Melbourne and Sydney and were supporters of the Melbourne little band scene.
USS Waters (DD-115)
The destroyer operated out of Newport and New York until mid-July.
She was among the destroyers which escorted out to sea on 8 July when Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels embarked in the battleship to meet off New York harbor and to welcome President Woodrow Wilson as he returned home from the peace negotiations in Europe.
Centro Superior de Informacion de la Defensa
'Centro Superior de Informacion de la Defensa' (CESID) was the Spanish intelligence agency before the current Centro Nacional de Inteligencia (CNI) took over as its successor in 2002.
Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis
In 2005 Jam & Lewis open their brand new recording studios in Santa Monica California renaming it Flyte Tyme West.
In 2006, They won a Grammy for Yolanda Adams' song "Be Blessed" from her 2005 album "Day By Day."
Matt Pritchett
On 23 February 2006, the Matt cartoon became available in the 'Daily Telegraph' podcast's picture window.
John Ellinger
After losing his coaching position, he was retained by RSL as the club's technical director and director of soccer operations, where he remained until September 2007.
Raising Dad
'Raising Dad' was an American television series that aired on the WB from September 2001 until May 2002.
The series starred Bob Saget, Kat Dennings, Brie Larson, Riley Smith, Beau Wirick, and Jerry Adler.
Robert Manne
Manne is currently the Chairman of the Editorial Board of The Monthly, a national magazine of politics, society and the arts.
USS Rasher (SS-269)
Commander Henry G. Munson relieved Commander Laughon as commanding officer of 'Rasher'.
'Rasher's fifth patrol was spent largely with in the South China Sea west of Luzon.
Albatros C.I
The 'Albatros C.I' was the first of the successful C-series of two-seat general-purpose biplanes built by Albatros Flugzeugwerke during World War I. Based on the unarmed Albatros B.II, the C.I reversed the pilot and observer seating so that the observer occupied the rear cockpit which was fitted with a ring-mounted 7.92 mm (.312 in) Parabellum MG14 machine gun.
Doug Wimbish
Doug has also featured on four Little Axe for Skip McDonald albums with Alan Glen on Harmonica.
History of Hertfordshire
With the outbreak of war in September 1939, 1st and 2nd Battalions of the Hertfordshire Regiment were mobilised.
Together with the 6th Battalion of the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regiment, they made up 162nd Infantry Brigade of the East Anglian Division.
2nd Battalion would later be at Ver-sur-Mer in Normandy in support of the D-Day landings.
Johnny Yong Bosch
Bosch does the motion capturing and voice of Nero in 'Devil May Cry 4', making him the third actor involved with Power Rangers to have a role in the 'Devil May Cry' franchise, following stunt actor Reuben Langdon, who performed voice and motion capture for Dante in 'Devil May Cry 3' (and 'DMC4'), and Daniel Southworth, who voiced and did motion capture for Vergil, also in 'DMC3', and for Credo, in 'DMC4'.
USS Chivo (SS-341)
'USS 'Chivo' (SS-341)', a 'Balao'-class submarine, was a ship of the United States Navy named for the chivo or big-scaled goatfish 'Pseudopenaeus grandisquamis', a fish inhabiting the Pacific Ocean between Panama and Mexico.
